# Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`class `[`KinovaJaco2`](#classKinovaJaco2) | A wrapper class that provides easy access to the Kinova API.
`class `[`PIDController`](#classPIDController) | A simple PID controller class.
`class `[`TCPClient`](#classTCPClient) | A simple TCP client class.
`struct `[`AngularAcceleration`](#structAngularAcceleration) | This data structure holds acceleration values(X, Y, Z) in an angular(joint by joint) control context.
`struct `[`AngularInfo`](#structAngularInfo) | This data structure holds values in an angular(joint by joint) control context. As an example struct could contains position, temperature, torque, ...
`struct `[`AngularPosition`](#structAngularPosition) | This data structure holds the values of an angular(actuators) position.
`struct `[`ButtonEvents`](#structButtonEvents) | This is an event from a controller's button. Each variable of the struct can be mapped with a ControlFunctionalityTypeEnum.
`struct `[`CartesianInfo`](#structCartesianInfo) | This data structure holds values in an cartesian control context.
`struct `[`CartesianPosition`](#structCartesianPosition) | This data structure holds the values of a cartesian position.
`struct `[`ClientConfigurations`](#structClientConfigurations) | This structure holds informations relative to the client. It is mostly used for rehab clients. As an example, if you need to modify the max velocity or the retract position, it will be done here. The easiest way to modify the client configuration is to get the current one by calling the function GetClientConfigurations, modify all the parameters you need and send the structure back to the robot by calling the function [SetClientConfigurations()](#Kinova_8API_8UsbCommandLayerUbuntu_8h_1aaaf906c81f0dbdc53101d61c7838eae8). Note that some of the parameters are read only. That means that even if you modify them and send the structure to the robot, they will not be modified.
`struct `[`ControlMapping`](#structControlMapping) | This represents a group of functionalities mapped to some events triggered by a specific controller.
`struct `[`ControlMappingCharts`](#structControlMappingCharts) | This structure holds all the control mapping of the system. It is the entry point if you want to use the mapping system.
`struct `[`ControlsModeMap`](#structControlsModeMap) | Represents one mode map of a control mapping. Each control mapping has 2 list of mode map.
`struct `[`EthernetCommConfig`](#structEthernetCommConfig) | 
`struct `[`EthernetConfiguration`](#structEthernetConfiguration) | This data structure holds the Ethernet Config of the robot.
`struct `[`Finger`](#structFinger) | Structure that represents a finger from the end effector's tool.
`struct `[`FingersPosition`](#structFingersPosition) | This data structure holds the values of the robot's fingers.
`struct `[`ForcesInfo`](#structForcesInfo) | This structure contains informations about the torque and the force of the robotical arm.
`struct `[`GeneralInformations`](#structGeneralInformations) | This is structure hold almost all information of the robotical arm.
`struct `[`Gripper`](#structGripper) | Structure that represents the robotical arm's gripper.
`struct `[`JoystickCommand`](#structJoystickCommand) | This is a virtual representation of a 6-axis joystick.
`struct `[`KinovaDevice`](#structKinovaDevice) | 
`struct `[`Limitation`](#structLimitation) | This data structure represents all limitation that can be applied to a control context.
`struct `[`Packet`](#structPacket) | 
`struct `[`PacketList`](#structPacketList) | 
`struct `[`PeripheralInfo`](#structPeripheralInfo) | This data structure holds information that describes an abstract peripheral.
`struct `[`QuickStatus`](#structQuickStatus) | This structure holds various informations but mostly it is flag status.
`struct `[`RobotIdentity`](#structRobotIdentity) | 
`struct `[`RS485_Message`](#structRS485__Message) | 
`struct `[`SdkEthernetConfiguration`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration) | 
`struct `[`SensorsInfo`](#structSensorsInfo) | This data structure holds the values of the robot's sensors.
`struct `[`SingularityVector`](#structSingularityVector) | This data structure represents the informations regarding the singularities surrounding the end effector. It is not used for now but will be in the future.
`struct `[`StickEvents`](#structStickEvents) | This is an event from a controller's stick. Each variable of the struct can be mapped with a ControlFunctionalityTypeEnum.
`struct `[`SystemError`](#structSystemError) | This represents a system error. Every error generated by the system is logged in the robot's flash memory.
`struct `[`SystemStatus`](#structSystemStatus) | This structure holds system status flags.
`struct `[`TrajectoryFIFO`](#structTrajectoryFIFO) | This data structure represents the informations regarding the robot's trajectory's FIFO.
`struct `[`TrajectoryPoint`](#structTrajectoryPoint) | This data structure represents a point of a trajectory. It contains the position a limitation that you can applied.
`struct `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition) | This data structure represents an abstract position built by a user. Depending on the control type the Cartesian information, the angular information or both will be used.
`struct `[`Zone`](#structZone) | that represents a protection zone.
`struct `[`ZoneLimitation`](#structZoneLimitation) | This represents a group of limitations that can be applied to a trajectory point.
`struct `[`ZoneList`](#structZoneList) | This structure represents the complete list of protection zone of the robotical arm.
`struct `[`ZoneShape`](#structZoneShape) | Represents the 3D shape of a protection zone.

# class `KinovaJaco2` 

A wrapper class that provides easy access to the Kinova API.

The Kinova API provides a komplex interface to access and controle the Jaco 2. This class aims to simplify that interface as well as provide additional functionalities.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public int(* `[`initHome`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a425ca9acefe1571e4ced89b859b50fb1) | Calibration routine for arm.
`public int(* `[`initFingers`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a9c1405d6669a50f41f52a9820035f216) | Calibration routine for fingers.
`public int(* `[`refresDevicesList`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a87f83b83ae1d298ed6fc56c926b04826) | Refreshes device list.
`public int(* `[`getDevices`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a764a8497c6e804dc357926243329d3ab) | Get a list of devices.
`public int(* `[`setActiveDevice`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a4f1954df31d33fb5bd8bfee3344b5d48) | Select a device.
`public int(* `[`getControlType`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a4226acf96370a26f3eba2d31461ca627) | Get type of control.
`public int(* `[`setCartesianControl`](#classKinovaJaco2_1aecef09554385d1fe4f48a875ffd0e018) | Set cartesian control mode.
`public int(* `[`setAngularControl`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a84a9ea5b49dbe3ef33aa33a31b41df54) | Set angular control mode.
`public int(* `[`getCartesianPosition`](#classKinovaJaco2_1afab6fbdde7d95c6e3667bd0b89b6ad78) | Get cartesian position.
`public int(* `[`getAngularPosition`](#classKinovaJaco2_1aa98af0706e3a466d8ab9036c6cc7d0b3) | Get angular position.
`public int(* `[`getGlobalTrajectoryInfo`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a83b6a3536c073edf0ca11f598728fd25) | Get trajectory information.
`public int(* `[`sendBasicTrajectory`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a3af6f854b026b4d689744cf891024ea1) | Send simple trajectory.
`public int(* `[`sendAdvanceTrajectory`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a91250787912ec137cc261e7c4181d6c1) | Send trajectory with constraints.
`public  `[`KinovaJaco2`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a676ea73535207e639228168d7b0bfa37)`()` | Kinova constructor.
`public  `[`~KinovaJaco2`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a3f4c40e06e5b881fc54e74d5d9d74310)`()` | Kinova destructor.
`public `[`TrajectoryPoint`](#structTrajectoryPoint)` `[`convertReferenceFrame`](#classKinovaJaco2_1ae9f3335993c29acf11d02ce0091a80bf)`(`[`CartesianPosition`](#structCartesianPosition)` & pose,`[`TrajectoryPoint`](#structTrajectoryPoint)` & cmdIn)` | Convert reference frame to base frame.
`public void `[`sendHomeTrajectory`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a3d8c9918b81b9a2e222e686ff7b49595)`()` | Move to home position.
`public void `[`sendRetractedTrajectory`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a7b65f584f5dc0302d698196fc50f110f)`()` | Move to retracted position.
`public void `[`sendScheduledTrajectory`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a22e03acd898ca97ca0ee783c3a46925f)`(`[`TrajectoryPoint`](#structTrajectoryPoint)` trajectory)` | Send and schedule trajectory.
`public void `[`sleepMs`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a914a261fac82dc9ff2e8b1d596f2fd5a)`(int ms)` | Sleep milliseconds.
`protected int(* `[`initAPI`](#classKinovaJaco2_1ad432400048a81156df1774ee17e4764c) | Initializes API (USB)
`protected int(* `[`initEthernetAPI`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a5ad86fcee6afa4e42a369f856abb37d3) | Initializes API (Ethernet)
`protected int(* `[`closeAPI`](#classKinovaJaco2_1ad3017ccb582ca78b7826c4016a458859) | Close API.

## Members

#### `public int(* `[`initHome`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a425ca9acefe1571e4ced89b859b50fb1) 

Calibration routine for arm.

Moves the arm to a predefined home position for calibration purposes. Provided by Kinova.

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`initFingers`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a9c1405d6669a50f41f52a9820035f216) 

Calibration routine for fingers.

Moves the fingers to a predefined home position for calibration purposes. Provided by Kinova.

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`refresDevicesList`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a87f83b83ae1d298ed6fc56c926b04826) 

Refreshes device list.

Call to refresh the Kinova device list. Provided by Kinova.

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`getDevices`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a764a8497c6e804dc357926243329d3ab) 

Get a list of devices.

Establishes an API connection and list currently connected devices. The device list is not returned but rather a parameter reference. Provided by Kinova.

#### Parameters
* `KinovaDevice[]` Empty device list 

* `result` Value for apiLayer 

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`setActiveDevice`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a4f1954df31d33fb5bd8bfee3344b5d48) 

Select a device.

Is used in combination with refreshDeviceList() and [getDevices()](#classKinovaJaco2_1a764a8497c6e804dc357926243329d3ab) in order to select a Kinova device if more then one is atteched. Provided by Kinova.

#### Parameters
* `device` Device to be used 

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`getControlType`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a4226acf96370a26f3eba2d31461ca627) 

Get type of control.

The response parameter is used to differentiate between cartesian and angular control mode. Provided by Kinova.

#### Parameters
* `Response` Return reference for control mode 

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`setCartesianControl`](#classKinovaJaco2_1aecef09554385d1fe4f48a875ffd0e018) 

Set cartesian control mode.

Set type of control to cartesian mode. Only possible if the robot is NOT in an invalid position. Provided by Kinova.

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`setAngularControl`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a84a9ea5b49dbe3ef33aa33a31b41df54) 

Set angular control mode.

Set type of control to angular mode. Might not be able to switch back to cartesian mode. Provided by Kinova.

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`getCartesianPosition`](#classKinovaJaco2_1afab6fbdde7d95c6e3667bd0b89b6ad78) 

Get cartesian position.

The [CartesianPosition](#structCartesianPosition) parameter is used to return the current position in cartesian coordinates. Provided by Kinova.

#### Parameters
* `pt` Return reference for cartesian position 

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`getAngularPosition`](#classKinovaJaco2_1aa98af0706e3a466d8ab9036c6cc7d0b3) 

Get angular position.

The [AngularPosition](#structAngularPosition) parameter is used to return the current position in angular coordinates. Provided by Kinova.

#### Parameters
* `pt` Return reference for angular position 

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`getGlobalTrajectoryInfo`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a83b6a3536c073edf0ca11f598728fd25) 

Get trajectory information.

The [TrajectoryFIFO](#structTrajectoryFIFO) parameter is used to return the trajectory scheduler information. Can be used to time trajectory actions. Provided by Kinova.

#### Parameters
* `Response` Return reference for frajectory scheduler 

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`sendBasicTrajectory`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a3af6f854b026b4d689744cf891024ea1) 

Send simple trajectory.

Commands the robot to move to a certain position or with a certain velocity. The basic trajectory does not allow trajectory constraints. Provided by Kinova.

#### Parameters
* `trajectory` Trajectory to move to 

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public int(* `[`sendAdvanceTrajectory`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a91250787912ec137cc261e7c4181d6c1) 

Send trajectory with constraints.

Commands the robot to move to a certain position or with a certain velocity. Trajectory constraints can also be added. Provided by Kinova.

#### Parameters
* `trajectory` Trajectory to move to 

#### Returns
Error code

#### `public  `[`KinovaJaco2`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a676ea73535207e639228168d7b0bfa37)`()` 

Kinova constructor.

Creates an robot istance to control. All necessary library call and initializations of the Kinova API are implemented here.

#### `public  `[`~KinovaJaco2`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a3f4c40e06e5b881fc54e74d5d9d74310)`()` 

Kinova destructor.

Frees all Kinova related memory and libraries.

#### `public `[`TrajectoryPoint`](#structTrajectoryPoint)` `[`convertReferenceFrame`](#classKinovaJaco2_1ae9f3335993c29acf11d02ce0091a80bf)`(`[`CartesianPosition`](#structCartesianPosition)` & pose,`[`TrajectoryPoint`](#structTrajectoryPoint)` & cmdIn)` 

Convert reference frame to base frame.

Converts movements in a reference frame to corresponding motions in the robot base frame. Can be used to track object with a camera.

#### Parameters
* `pose` Current position 

* `cmdIn` Trajectory in reference frame 

#### Returns
Trajectory in base frame

#### `public void `[`sendHomeTrajectory`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a3d8c9918b81b9a2e222e686ff7b49595)`()` 

Move to home position.

Moves the robot to a user defined home position.

#### `public void `[`sendRetractedTrajectory`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a7b65f584f5dc0302d698196fc50f110f)`()` 

Move to retracted position.

Moves the robot to a user defined retracted (storage) position.

#### `public void `[`sendScheduledTrajectory`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a22e03acd898ca97ca0ee783c3a46925f)`(`[`TrajectoryPoint`](#structTrajectoryPoint)` trajectory)` 

Send and schedule trajectory.

Commands the robot to move to a certain position or with a certain velocity. Waits for the robot to reach the requested position.

#### Parameters
* `trajectory` Trajectory to move to

#### `public void `[`sleepMs`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a914a261fac82dc9ff2e8b1d596f2fd5a)`(int ms)` 

Sleep milliseconds.

#### Parameters
* `ms` Milliseconds to sleep

#### `protected int(* `[`initAPI`](#classKinovaJaco2_1ad432400048a81156df1774ee17e4764c) 

Initializes API (USB)

Initializes the Kinova USB API. USB is default for Kinova.

#### Returns
API Layer information used for connection

#### `protected int(* `[`initEthernetAPI`](#classKinovaJaco2_1a5ad86fcee6afa4e42a369f856abb37d3) 

Initializes API (Ethernet)

Initializes the Kinova API for ethernet usage

#### Returns
API Layer information used for connection

#### `protected int(* `[`closeAPI`](#classKinovaJaco2_1ad3017ccb582ca78b7826c4016a458859) 

Close API.

Free API layer and related memory

#### Returns
Error code

# class `PIDController` 

A simple PID controller class.

A PID controller that only provides simple functions.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public  `[`PIDController`](#classPIDController_1ac004d8c72b74c646de9ad69dae4e09e9)`(double Kp,double KTi,double KTd)` | PID Constructor.
`public  `[`~PIDController`](#classPIDController_1a690e7ad4796e5c5143aa4b90f2f6677b)`()` | PID destructor.
`public void `[`setTimeMode`](#classPIDController_1a0f435928dd3eca1061eae7550060b049)`()` | Set time based calculation.
`public void `[`setGainMode`](#classPIDController_1a33de6d08c5313c5056b49afd7532bb9d)`()` | Set time based calculation.
`public double `[`calculate`](#classPIDController_1af31656b67630f25fe8b85eefa24fe956)`(double e)` | Calculates controll unit value.

## Members

#### `public  `[`PIDController`](#classPIDController_1ac004d8c72b74c646de9ad69dae4e09e9)`(double Kp,double KTi,double KTd)` 

PID Constructor.

Creates a PID controller for universal usage Depending on the controller mode (time base or gain based) the second and third parameter very in function.

#### Parameters
* `Kp` proportional gain 

* `KTi` integral gain / integral time 

* `KTd` derivation gain / derivation time

#### `public  `[`~PIDController`](#classPIDController_1a690e7ad4796e5c5143aa4b90f2f6677b)`()` 

PID destructor.

Frees all PID related memory.

#### `public void `[`setTimeMode`](#classPIDController_1a0f435928dd3eca1061eae7550060b049)`()` 

Set time based calculation.

Sets the calculation mode to time based. u = Kp( e + 1/Ti (e_sum) + Td (e-e_old))

#### `public void `[`setGainMode`](#classPIDController_1a33de6d08c5313c5056b49afd7532bb9d)`()` 

Set time based calculation.

Sets the calculation mode to gain based. u = Kp e + Ki (e_sum) + Kd (e-e_old) Gain based by default

#### `public double `[`calculate`](#classPIDController_1af31656b67630f25fe8b85eefa24fe956)`(double e)` 

Calculates controll unit value.

Calculates the controll value u depending on the error e. Gain based: u = Kp e + Ki T (e_sum) + Kd/T (e-e_old) Time based: u = Kp e + Ki (e_sum) + Kd (e-e_old) Gain based by default

#### Parameters
* `e` error value 

#### Returns
controll value

# class `TCPClient` 

A simple TCP client class.

A TCP client that provides simple but robust functionalities for networking.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public  `[`TCPClient`](#classTCPClient_1a7001db08f8f54bfce97ed3eca11d2ffa)`(std::string ip,int port)` | Client constructor.
`public  `[`~TCPClient`](#classTCPClient_1a869a5b3319ca562d03cb4c59ebec4407)`()` | Client destructor.
`public bool `[`isConnected`](#classTCPClient_1a698c83ee3c90ac82c321318bb846267e)`()` | Connection verification.
`public void `[`send`](#classTCPClient_1ada1ef042c0ed55d42ea2cea18733cb9e)`(std::string msg)` | Sends message to server.
`public std::string `[`receive`](#classTCPClient_1a316a74b789c78f26c48df434dca80ee5)`(int buff_size)` | Receives message from server.

## Members

#### `public  `[`TCPClient`](#classTCPClient_1a7001db08f8f54bfce97ed3eca11d2ffa)`(std::string ip,int port)` 

Client constructor.

Creates and initializes the necessary sockets, file descriptors and connections.

#### Parameters
* `ip` Network IP address 

* `port` Network server port

#### `public  `[`~TCPClient`](#classTCPClient_1a869a5b3319ca562d03cb4c59ebec4407)`()` 

Client destructor.

Frees all client related memory.

#### `public bool `[`isConnected`](#classTCPClient_1a698c83ee3c90ac82c321318bb846267e)`()` 

Connection verification.

Checks if the connection is still activ.

#### Returns
If client is connected to a server

#### `public void `[`send`](#classTCPClient_1ada1ef042c0ed55d42ea2cea18733cb9e)`(std::string msg)` 

Sends message to server.

Sends a message from client to server while providing error and fault detection.

#### Parameters
* `msg` Message to send

#### `public std::string `[`receive`](#classTCPClient_1a316a74b789c78f26c48df434dca80ee5)`(int buff_size)` 

Receives message from server.

Receives a message from server while providing error and fault detection.

#### Parameters
* `buff_size` Buffer size for incoming messages 

#### Returns
Received message

# struct `AngularAcceleration` 

This data structure holds acceleration values(X, Y, Z) in an angular(joint by joint) control context.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public float `[`Actuator1_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a5cfc56b69d136bce62b14f2828db3850) | Acceleration on X axis of the joint #1. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator1_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1ae7137ba81e19e031606c67f9f675ebf4) | Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #1. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator1_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1aae297625ad8f8f25a8e6ff44331ad369) | Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #1. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator2_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a203e9902f7e841db9df92d96082dbde7) | Acceleration on X axis of the joint #2. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator2_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a64c0708882b11a7e05d8c893bea8f8e1) | Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #2. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator2_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a617d68c9abfc43629b2293e27370b539) | Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #2. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator3_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a687fb8bac7a0b529fbd07e7c5c17c281) | Acceleration on X axis of the joint #3. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator3_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a8b372df5c994266783918e9fc7260cb3) | Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #3. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator3_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a178c35c220a0d0ecc8e0d228c10dfac0) | Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #3. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator4_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a5ac59b5d6354f56a574849b3058aff8a) | Acceleration on X axis of the joint #4. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator4_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1ab19b628ee0ba917a65b5f0ccb4c663c0) | Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #4. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator4_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a4407b12848019a178128df8cd3f7a371) | Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #4. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator5_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a7ae66f2e31c5e90fe07b234e474ead12) | Acceleration on X axis of the joint #5. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator5_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a44a285d25040047b089f3d977a82546a) | Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #5. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator5_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a9ba585569c14f9dec730713ad92cd25d) | Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #5. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator6_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a285c6634d7542d3feaffcc6cc610db05) | Acceleration on X axis of the joint #6. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator6_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a1f227cd43faadf267dde95ec75392311) | Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #6. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator6_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a22ce9847bc5c4aee829b734081e944fd) | Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #6. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator7_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1afc71675f09733860a8620cedeb3b333b) | Acceleration on X axis of the joint #7. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator7_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a5a81020a581462f910961f783b5aa89e) | Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #7. Unit is G.
`public float `[`Actuator7_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a626175c4d7198a4fbaa59dbf0f30267c) | Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #7. Unit is G.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a4afb405ec59c4f2ceac6302021eaebf8)`()` | This method will initialises all the values to 0

## Members

#### `public float `[`Actuator1_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a5cfc56b69d136bce62b14f2828db3850) 

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #1. Unit is G.

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #1. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator1_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1ae7137ba81e19e031606c67f9f675ebf4) 

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #1. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #1. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator1_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1aae297625ad8f8f25a8e6ff44331ad369) 

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #1. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #1. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator2_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a203e9902f7e841db9df92d96082dbde7) 

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #2. Unit is G.

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #2. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator2_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a64c0708882b11a7e05d8c893bea8f8e1) 

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #2. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #2. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator2_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a617d68c9abfc43629b2293e27370b539) 

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #2. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #2. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator3_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a687fb8bac7a0b529fbd07e7c5c17c281) 

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #3. Unit is G.

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #3. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator3_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a8b372df5c994266783918e9fc7260cb3) 

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #3. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #3. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator3_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a178c35c220a0d0ecc8e0d228c10dfac0) 

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #3. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #3. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator4_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a5ac59b5d6354f56a574849b3058aff8a) 

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #4. Unit is G.

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #4. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator4_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1ab19b628ee0ba917a65b5f0ccb4c663c0) 

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #4. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #4. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator4_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a4407b12848019a178128df8cd3f7a371) 

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #4. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #4. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator5_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a7ae66f2e31c5e90fe07b234e474ead12) 

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #5. Unit is G.

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #5. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator5_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a44a285d25040047b089f3d977a82546a) 

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #5. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #5. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator5_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a9ba585569c14f9dec730713ad92cd25d) 

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #5. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #5. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator6_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a285c6634d7542d3feaffcc6cc610db05) 

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #6. Unit is G.

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #6. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator6_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a1f227cd43faadf267dde95ec75392311) 

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #6. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #6. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator6_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a22ce9847bc5c4aee829b734081e944fd) 

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #6. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #6. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator7_X`](#structAngularAcceleration_1afc71675f09733860a8620cedeb3b333b) 

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #7. Unit is G.

Acceleration on X axis of the joint #7. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator7_Y`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a5a81020a581462f910961f783b5aa89e) 

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #7. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Y axis of the joint #7. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`Actuator7_Z`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a626175c4d7198a4fbaa59dbf0f30267c) 

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #7. Unit is G.

Acceleration on Z axis of the joint #7. Unit is G.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structAngularAcceleration_1a4afb405ec59c4f2ceac6302021eaebf8)`()` 

This method will initialises all the values to 0

# struct `AngularInfo` 

This data structure holds values in an angular(joint by joint) control context. As an example struct could contains position, temperature, torque, ...

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public float `[`Actuator1`](#structAngularInfo_1a5fc555c085bddc82c33a3039fbc40932) | This is the value related to the first actuator. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`Actuator2`](#structAngularInfo_1ab7b9349eef239f9741d9c28a795e4c35) | This is the value related to the second actuator. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`Actuator3`](#structAngularInfo_1a30426eab94c82cfd3d697bbc8c506c2a) | This is the value related to the third actuator. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`Actuator4`](#structAngularInfo_1a46a1314c4846de6a495310b44fe5e0c3) | This is the value related to the actuator #4. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`Actuator5`](#structAngularInfo_1a953c29d2481eb1c42c84e9c992d34dde) | This is the value related to the actuator #5. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`Actuator6`](#structAngularInfo_1ab54771129d8a9e451c27942dd349340d) | This is the value related to the actuator #6. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`Actuator7`](#structAngularInfo_1af9f99b8dfb7dd280ecc65cece0041d95) | This is the value related to the actuator #7. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structAngularInfo_1a092156b3e0e6cb657ed4bb2f6b15a9f0)`()` | This method will initialises all the values to 0

## Members

#### `public float `[`Actuator1`](#structAngularInfo_1a5fc555c085bddc82c33a3039fbc40932) 

This is the value related to the first actuator. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is angular position the unit will be degree but if the control mode is angular velocity then the unit will be degree per second.

#### `public float `[`Actuator2`](#structAngularInfo_1ab7b9349eef239f9741d9c28a795e4c35) 

This is the value related to the second actuator. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is angular position the unit will be degree but if the control mode is angular velocity then the unit will be degree per second.

#### `public float `[`Actuator3`](#structAngularInfo_1a30426eab94c82cfd3d697bbc8c506c2a) 

This is the value related to the third actuator. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is angular position the unit will be degree but if the control mode is angular velocity then the unit will be degree per second.

#### `public float `[`Actuator4`](#structAngularInfo_1a46a1314c4846de6a495310b44fe5e0c3) 

This is the value related to the actuator #4. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is angular position the unit will be degree but if the control mode is angular velocity then the unit will be degree per second.

#### `public float `[`Actuator5`](#structAngularInfo_1a953c29d2481eb1c42c84e9c992d34dde) 

This is the value related to the actuator #5. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is angular position the unit will be degree but if the control mode is angular velocity then the unit will be degree per second.

#### `public float `[`Actuator6`](#structAngularInfo_1ab54771129d8a9e451c27942dd349340d) 

This is the value related to the actuator #6. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is angular position the unit will be degree but if the control mode is angular velocity then the unit will be degree per second.

#### `public float `[`Actuator7`](#structAngularInfo_1af9f99b8dfb7dd280ecc65cece0041d95) 

This is the value related to the actuator #7. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is angular position the unit will be degree but if the control mode is angular velocity then the unit will be degree per second.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structAngularInfo_1a092156b3e0e6cb657ed4bb2f6b15a9f0)`()` 

This method will initialises all the values to 0

# struct `AngularPosition` 

This data structure holds the values of an angular(actuators) position.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public `[`AngularInfo`](#structAngularInfo)` `[`Actuators`](#structAngularPosition_1a860d625d47a8a6eaae53f43903beb80b) | This contains value regarding the actuators.
`public `[`FingersPosition`](#structFingersPosition)` `[`Fingers`](#structAngularPosition_1afdb2a9bede2dde4e8f881175a58e019f) | This contains value regarding the actuators.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structAngularPosition_1a5b5da71a515d5d7090c1db3021252771)`()` | This method will initialises all the values to 0

## Members

#### `public `[`AngularInfo`](#structAngularInfo)` `[`Actuators`](#structAngularPosition_1a860d625d47a8a6eaae53f43903beb80b) 

This contains value regarding the actuators.

#### `public `[`FingersPosition`](#structFingersPosition)` `[`Fingers`](#structAngularPosition_1afdb2a9bede2dde4e8f881175a58e019f) 

This contains value regarding the actuators.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structAngularPosition_1a5b5da71a515d5d7090c1db3021252771)`()` 

This method will initialises all the values to 0

# struct `ButtonEvents` 

This is an event from a controller's button. Each variable of the struct can be mapped with a ControlFunctionalityTypeEnum.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public unsigned char `[`OneClick`](#structButtonEvents_1ae264a0be71f712b37a93e72693a807cd) | Represents a single CLICK event.(PRESS and RELEASE)
`public unsigned char `[`TwoClick`](#structButtonEvents_1a2feb3df7ddb99aeafd38cd80b18a9eee) | Not used for now.
`public unsigned char `[`HoldOneSec`](#structButtonEvents_1a7ef7e7cbb9addb84a1319b7cf635520f) | Represents a PRESS and HOLD for 1 second event .
`public unsigned char `[`HoldTwoSec`](#structButtonEvents_1a0f52b2243f5ed9878283f83f5b8bd66b) | Represents a PRESS and HOLD for 2 second event.
`public unsigned char `[`HoldThreeSec`](#structButtonEvents_1ab54e7f4ce7ac349f8a0fedaa82483e8f) | Represents a PRESS and HOLD for 3 second event.
`public unsigned char `[`HoldFourSec`](#structButtonEvents_1a9c871beb62f78a16231448b5718c5128) | Represents a PRESS and HOLD for 4 second event.
`public unsigned char `[`HoldDown`](#structButtonEvents_1ad995e95da85ebfa27b5d4dedaa771b92) | Represents a PRESS and HOLD event.

## Members

#### `public unsigned char `[`OneClick`](#structButtonEvents_1ae264a0be71f712b37a93e72693a807cd) 

Represents a single CLICK event.(PRESS and RELEASE)

#### `public unsigned char `[`TwoClick`](#structButtonEvents_1a2feb3df7ddb99aeafd38cd80b18a9eee) 

Not used for now.

#### `public unsigned char `[`HoldOneSec`](#structButtonEvents_1a7ef7e7cbb9addb84a1319b7cf635520f) 

Represents a PRESS and HOLD for 1 second event .

#### `public unsigned char `[`HoldTwoSec`](#structButtonEvents_1a0f52b2243f5ed9878283f83f5b8bd66b) 

Represents a PRESS and HOLD for 2 second event.

#### `public unsigned char `[`HoldThreeSec`](#structButtonEvents_1ab54e7f4ce7ac349f8a0fedaa82483e8f) 

Represents a PRESS and HOLD for 3 second event.

#### `public unsigned char `[`HoldFourSec`](#structButtonEvents_1a9c871beb62f78a16231448b5718c5128) 

Represents a PRESS and HOLD for 4 second event.

#### `public unsigned char `[`HoldDown`](#structButtonEvents_1ad995e95da85ebfa27b5d4dedaa771b92) 

Represents a PRESS and HOLD event.

# struct `CartesianInfo` 

This data structure holds values in an cartesian control context.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public float `[`X`](#structCartesianInfo_1a212cc2dcae1697132fc31fa2f5d17269) | This is the value related to the translation along the X axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`Y`](#structCartesianInfo_1a12c2611c89445419b336e58815d87c7c) | This is the value related to the translation along the Y axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`Z`](#structCartesianInfo_1a14e196e4cb38c0ae7f4658b9b070b7fe) | This is the value related to the translation along the Z axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`ThetaX`](#structCartesianInfo_1a39135e53155aa4025c40eeefbfd3b17c) | This is the value related to the orientation around the X axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`ThetaY`](#structCartesianInfo_1a4aef5897f4cdcf7ecc9df6804f844d46) | This is the value related to the orientation around the Y axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`ThetaZ`](#structCartesianInfo_1a2890c501f3b7b9479e12ad51f04f0a7f) | This is the value related to the orientation around the Z axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structCartesianInfo_1a6d47623939d86124525ab4c8f7a2b8e9)`()` | This method will initialises all the values to 0

## Members

#### `public float `[`X`](#structCartesianInfo_1a212cc2dcae1697132fc31fa2f5d17269) 

This is the value related to the translation along the X axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is cartesian position the unit will be meters but if the control mode is cartesian velocity then the unit will be meters per second.

#### `public float `[`Y`](#structCartesianInfo_1a12c2611c89445419b336e58815d87c7c) 

This is the value related to the translation along the Y axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is cartesian position the unit will be meters but if the control mode is cartesian velocity then the unit will be meters per second.

#### `public float `[`Z`](#structCartesianInfo_1a14e196e4cb38c0ae7f4658b9b070b7fe) 

This is the value related to the translation along the Z axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is cartesian position the unit will be meters but if the control mode is cartesian velocity then the unit will be meters per second.

#### `public float `[`ThetaX`](#structCartesianInfo_1a39135e53155aa4025c40eeefbfd3b17c) 

This is the value related to the orientation around the X axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

This is the value related to the orientation around the X axis. Depending on the context it's been used, the unit of the value will change. As an example if the current control mode is cartesian position the unit will be RAD but if the control mode is cartesian velocity then the unit will be RAD per second.

#### `public float `[`ThetaY`](#structCartesianInfo_1a4aef5897f4cdcf7ecc9df6804f844d46) 

This is the value related to the orientation around the Y axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is cartesian position the unit will be RAD but if the control mode is cartesian velocity then the unit will be RAD per second.

#### `public float `[`ThetaZ`](#structCartesianInfo_1a2890c501f3b7b9479e12ad51f04f0a7f) 

This is the value related to the orientation around the Z axis. Unit depends on the context it's been used.

As an example if the current control mode is cartesian position the unit will be RAD but if the control mode is cartesian velocity then the unit will be RAD per second.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structCartesianInfo_1a6d47623939d86124525ab4c8f7a2b8e9)`()` 

This method will initialises all the values to 0

# struct `CartesianPosition` 

This data structure holds the values of a cartesian position.

Coordinates holds the cartesian parts of the position and Fingers holds contains the value of the fingers. As an example, if an instance of the [CartesianPosition](#structCartesianPosition) is used in a cartesian velocity control context, the values in the struct will be velocity.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public `[`CartesianInfo`](#structCartesianInfo)` `[`Coordinates`](#structCartesianPosition_1aa1e120e383c650f4c4bf88ba8c780ab1) | This contains values regarding the cartesian information.(end effector).
`public `[`FingersPosition`](#structFingersPosition)` `[`Fingers`](#structCartesianPosition_1ad0d8710c54bb2f63dfc98d809eaeb3a4) | This contains value regarding the fingers.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structCartesianPosition_1a555e4355ff9b88f0088b3ffcfc56af96)`()` | This method will initialises all the values to 0

## Members

#### `public `[`CartesianInfo`](#structCartesianInfo)` `[`Coordinates`](#structCartesianPosition_1aa1e120e383c650f4c4bf88ba8c780ab1) 

This contains values regarding the cartesian information.(end effector).

#### `public `[`FingersPosition`](#structFingersPosition)` `[`Fingers`](#structCartesianPosition_1ad0d8710c54bb2f63dfc98d809eaeb3a4) 

This contains value regarding the fingers.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structCartesianPosition_1a555e4355ff9b88f0088b3ffcfc56af96)`()` 

This method will initialises all the values to 0

# struct `ClientConfigurations` 

This structure holds informations relative to the client. It is mostly used for rehab clients. As an example, if you need to modify the max velocity or the retract position, it will be done here. The easiest way to modify the client configuration is to get the current one by calling the function GetClientConfigurations, modify all the parameters you need and send the structure back to the robot by calling the function [SetClientConfigurations()](#Kinova_8API_8UsbCommandLayerUbuntu_8h_1aaaf906c81f0dbdc53101d61c7838eae8). Note that some of the parameters are read only. That means that even if you modify them and send the structure to the robot, they will not be modified.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public char `[`ClientID`](#structClientConfigurations_1a2adccda7d27c7731ab0fe1160005e6ac) | This is the ID of the client. The string must ends with a EndOfString character(\0).
`public char `[`ClientName`](#structClientConfigurations_1a6ec42489c6a1e74a654809f5f39ca6f8) | This is the name of the client. The string must ends with a EndOfString character(\0).
`public char `[`Organization`](#structClientConfigurations_1a55c82eb4163582b31c6d720766057767) | This is the name of the organization. The string must ends with a EndOfString character(\0).
`public char `[`Serial`](#structClientConfigurations_1adb0902769a42d7eaf9cce979d0779723) | This is where you can store the serial number of the robot. The string must ends with a EndOfString character(\0).
`public char `[`Model`](#structClientConfigurations_1a5bb86440679384635d0d0f41ca431249) | This is where you can store the model number of the robot. The string must ends with a EndOfString character(\0).
`public `[`ArmLaterality`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1a3b88714e308595eb42f64c56259a1ccf)` `[`Laterality`](#structClientConfigurations_1ac5eae96db1727c1330a987f49acadb0f) | That tells you if the robot is left handed or right handed. If you modify this parameter, the change will take effect on the next REBOOT.
`public float `[`MaxTranslationVelocity`](#structClientConfigurations_1a85ae51f1716500dd154f0ce279b78a47) | This is the max translation(X, Y and Z) velocity of the robot's end effector.
`public float `[`MaxOrientationVelocity`](#structClientConfigurations_1a238936e76488a26a5f816413cd25977e) | This is the max orientation(ThetaX, ThetaY and ThetaZ) velocity of the robot's end effector.
`public float `[`MaxTranslationAcceleration`](#structClientConfigurations_1a787ef22ca55cd38c04f171b885eccffc) | This is the max translation acceleration of the robot's end effector.
`public float `[`MaxOrientationAcceleration`](#structClientConfigurations_1a6dd1f0fa61310ae5c7c090b4f203b8a0) | This is the max orientation acceleration of the robot's end effector.
`public float `[`MaxForce`](#structClientConfigurations_1a9c68b6f56291d1be104928f7db071579) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`Sensibility`](#structClientConfigurations_1a64e61dc032b95f127cd798a9759818d8) | This is the sensibility of the controller. The value is a % of the command received by the controller. Higher is the value and higher is the sensibility. Higher is the sensibility, quicker the end effector will reach the desired velocity for the same joystick command.
`public float `[`DrinkingHeight`](#structClientConfigurations_1a05043c8fe2f31f3c216a97edc2411664) | This value is used only when the drinking mode is active. This add a an offset to the translation Y value. It is the height of a glass when you drink.
`public int `[`ComplexRetractActive`](#structClientConfigurations_1aa41bf35ba1a1dd92f54a30814d42f795) | That flag tells you if the advance retract feature is active. (0 = not active, 1 = active) The advance retract mode let you decide the trajectory between the READY(home) position and the retracted position.
`public float `[`RetractedPositionAngle`](#structClientConfigurations_1ad7d6245d4683b6e31d0438466ea6bb80) | This value is the angle between the second carbon link(between actuator 2 and 3) and the X-Y plane.
`public int `[`RetractedPositionCount`](#structClientConfigurations_1a4058c290c5bac0504e511f0f50e5914b) | This tells you how many positions there is in the advance retract trajectory.
`public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`RetractPositions`](#structClientConfigurations_1aaebc19d45af665f9db9322d74021ec22) | 
`public float `[`DrinkingDistance`](#structClientConfigurations_1a494c5a866ae44191aafdc66ab69033c3) | This value is used only when the drinking mode is active. This add a an offset to the translation X axis based on the end effector frame. It is the diameter of a glass when you drink.
`public int `[`Fingers2and3Inverted`](#structClientConfigurations_1a55cb748c864cd65d8136da316b46df61) | This is a flag to invert finger 2 and 3. It is mostly used in rehab for left handed robot.(0 = normal, 1 = inverted)
`public float `[`DrinkingLenght`](#structClientConfigurations_1a1029013b8d5d2d9ea902ab628c98a7e0) | This value is used only when the drinking mode is active. This add a an offset to the translation Z axis based on the end effector frame. It is the distance between the end effector and the glass when you drink.
`public int `[`DeletePreProgrammedPositionsAtRetract`](#structClientConfigurations_1ab0dca6d6259625fafd1c725533337460) | It is a flag that indicates if the GOTO(pre programmed) position are deleted when the robot goes in READY position.
`public int `[`EnableFlashErrorLog`](#structClientConfigurations_1a16b087061d560a4f185e779352d6e2e3) | Not used for now.
`public int `[`EnableFlashPositionLog`](#structClientConfigurations_1ae0c7b4d0a3f91271e8138985807be8c6) | Not used for now.
`public int `[`RobotConfigSelect`](#structClientConfigurations_1aa57501a48cf968ebb646262687d2f0e8) | 
`public int `[`TorqueSensorsEnable`](#structClientConfigurations_1a40d9c18af2900a17c0dd272c826aa896) | 
`public int `[`FrameType`](#structClientConfigurations_1aa10020c712c820f35debad6f65f67fbb) | 
`public int `[`Expansion`](#structClientConfigurations_1ab333e6f18636fbe6b995f3c4b6d34b1c) | Not used for now.

## Members

#### `public char `[`ClientID`](#structClientConfigurations_1a2adccda7d27c7731ab0fe1160005e6ac) 

This is the ID of the client. The string must ends with a EndOfString character(\0).

#### `public char `[`ClientName`](#structClientConfigurations_1a6ec42489c6a1e74a654809f5f39ca6f8) 

This is the name of the client. The string must ends with a EndOfString character(\0).

#### `public char `[`Organization`](#structClientConfigurations_1a55c82eb4163582b31c6d720766057767) 

This is the name of the organization. The string must ends with a EndOfString character(\0).

#### `public char `[`Serial`](#structClientConfigurations_1adb0902769a42d7eaf9cce979d0779723) 

This is where you can store the serial number of the robot. The string must ends with a EndOfString character(\0).

#### `public char `[`Model`](#structClientConfigurations_1a5bb86440679384635d0d0f41ca431249) 

This is where you can store the model number of the robot. The string must ends with a EndOfString character(\0).

#### `public `[`ArmLaterality`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1a3b88714e308595eb42f64c56259a1ccf)` `[`Laterality`](#structClientConfigurations_1ac5eae96db1727c1330a987f49acadb0f) 

That tells you if the robot is left handed or right handed. If you modify this parameter, the change will take effect on the next REBOOT.

#### `public float `[`MaxTranslationVelocity`](#structClientConfigurations_1a85ae51f1716500dd154f0ce279b78a47) 

This is the max translation(X, Y and Z) velocity of the robot's end effector.

#### `public float `[`MaxOrientationVelocity`](#structClientConfigurations_1a238936e76488a26a5f816413cd25977e) 

This is the max orientation(ThetaX, ThetaY and ThetaZ) velocity of the robot's end effector.

#### `public float `[`MaxTranslationAcceleration`](#structClientConfigurations_1a787ef22ca55cd38c04f171b885eccffc) 

This is the max translation acceleration of the robot's end effector.

#### `public float `[`MaxOrientationAcceleration`](#structClientConfigurations_1a6dd1f0fa61310ae5c7c090b4f203b8a0) 

This is the max orientation acceleration of the robot's end effector.

#### `public float `[`MaxForce`](#structClientConfigurations_1a9c68b6f56291d1be104928f7db071579) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`Sensibility`](#structClientConfigurations_1a64e61dc032b95f127cd798a9759818d8) 

This is the sensibility of the controller. The value is a % of the command received by the controller. Higher is the value and higher is the sensibility. Higher is the sensibility, quicker the end effector will reach the desired velocity for the same joystick command.

#### `public float `[`DrinkingHeight`](#structClientConfigurations_1a05043c8fe2f31f3c216a97edc2411664) 

This value is used only when the drinking mode is active. This add a an offset to the translation Y value. It is the height of a glass when you drink.

#### `public int `[`ComplexRetractActive`](#structClientConfigurations_1aa41bf35ba1a1dd92f54a30814d42f795) 

That flag tells you if the advance retract feature is active. (0 = not active, 1 = active) The advance retract mode let you decide the trajectory between the READY(home) position and the retracted position.

#### `public float `[`RetractedPositionAngle`](#structClientConfigurations_1ad7d6245d4683b6e31d0438466ea6bb80) 

This value is the angle between the second carbon link(between actuator 2 and 3) and the X-Y plane.

#### `public int `[`RetractedPositionCount`](#structClientConfigurations_1a4058c290c5bac0504e511f0f50e5914b) 

This tells you how many positions there is in the advance retract trajectory.

#### `public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`RetractPositions`](#structClientConfigurations_1aaebc19d45af665f9db9322d74021ec22) 

#### `public float `[`DrinkingDistance`](#structClientConfigurations_1a494c5a866ae44191aafdc66ab69033c3) 

This value is used only when the drinking mode is active. This add a an offset to the translation X axis based on the end effector frame. It is the diameter of a glass when you drink.

#### `public int `[`Fingers2and3Inverted`](#structClientConfigurations_1a55cb748c864cd65d8136da316b46df61) 

This is a flag to invert finger 2 and 3. It is mostly used in rehab for left handed robot.(0 = normal, 1 = inverted)

#### `public float `[`DrinkingLenght`](#structClientConfigurations_1a1029013b8d5d2d9ea902ab628c98a7e0) 

This value is used only when the drinking mode is active. This add a an offset to the translation Z axis based on the end effector frame. It is the distance between the end effector and the glass when you drink.

#### `public int `[`DeletePreProgrammedPositionsAtRetract`](#structClientConfigurations_1ab0dca6d6259625fafd1c725533337460) 

It is a flag that indicates if the GOTO(pre programmed) position are deleted when the robot goes in READY position.

#### `public int `[`EnableFlashErrorLog`](#structClientConfigurations_1a16b087061d560a4f185e779352d6e2e3) 

Not used for now.

#### `public int `[`EnableFlashPositionLog`](#structClientConfigurations_1ae0c7b4d0a3f91271e8138985807be8c6) 

Not used for now.

#### `public int `[`RobotConfigSelect`](#structClientConfigurations_1aa57501a48cf968ebb646262687d2f0e8) 

#### `public int `[`TorqueSensorsEnable`](#structClientConfigurations_1a40d9c18af2900a17c0dd272c826aa896) 

#### `public int `[`FrameType`](#structClientConfigurations_1aa10020c712c820f35debad6f65f67fbb) 

#### `public int `[`Expansion`](#structClientConfigurations_1ab333e6f18636fbe6b995f3c4b6d34b1c) 

Not used for now.

# struct `ControlMapping` 

This represents a group of functionalities mapped to some events triggered by a specific controller.

As an example, the kinova 3-axis joystick has its own control mapping. This API also has its own control mapping. Note that since list A and list B cannot be used at the same time in the same control mapping, it implies that either one of the variable can have a >= 0 value.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public int `[`NumOfModesA`](#structControlMapping_1ab82579c661e09b8a7d4e5bae10823b47) | List A's element count. If this value exceeds MODE_MAP_COUNT, we got a problem.
`public int `[`NumOfModesB`](#structControlMapping_1a07198eba22a0b4557eaec7ce5973a1c5) | List B's element count. If this value exceeds MODE_MAP_COUNT, we got a problem.
`public int `[`ActualModeA`](#structControlMapping_1a12722cd1ab9c15c8fee5b6722d9f9f69) | This is the actual index of the active mode map in the list A. If the list A is currently unused, this value will be -1.
`public int `[`ActualModeB`](#structControlMapping_1a9c3fea40ada452fa35d9d12d003eb867) | is the actual index of the active mode map in the list B. If the list B is currently unused, this value will be -1.
`public `[`ControlMappingMode`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1a0cbbbff9819ea9faabb8810022aefec3)` `[`Mode`](#structControlMapping_1a293caba4b861368460f71e13fff5b523) | That indicates what kind of controller is in use.
`public `[`ControlsModeMap`](#structControlsModeMap)` `[`ModeControlsA`](#structControlMapping_1acb57ae41b95f7beef041aa311c040a98) | This is the mode map list A. By default, on the 3-axis kinova joystick, it corresponds to the modes accessible with the left button on the top of the stick.
`public `[`ControlsModeMap`](#structControlsModeMap)` `[`ModeControlsB`](#structControlMapping_1a068cd90e7e56554639f2a24d96f6e925) | This is the mode map list B. By default, on the 3-axis kinova joystick, it corresponds to the modes accessible with the right button on the top of the stick.

## Members

#### `public int `[`NumOfModesA`](#structControlMapping_1ab82579c661e09b8a7d4e5bae10823b47) 

List A's element count. If this value exceeds MODE_MAP_COUNT, we got a problem.

#### `public int `[`NumOfModesB`](#structControlMapping_1a07198eba22a0b4557eaec7ce5973a1c5) 

List B's element count. If this value exceeds MODE_MAP_COUNT, we got a problem.

#### `public int `[`ActualModeA`](#structControlMapping_1a12722cd1ab9c15c8fee5b6722d9f9f69) 

This is the actual index of the active mode map in the list A. If the list A is currently unused, this value will be -1.

#### `public int `[`ActualModeB`](#structControlMapping_1a9c3fea40ada452fa35d9d12d003eb867) 

is the actual index of the active mode map in the list B. If the list B is currently unused, this value will be -1.

#### `public `[`ControlMappingMode`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1a0cbbbff9819ea9faabb8810022aefec3)` `[`Mode`](#structControlMapping_1a293caba4b861368460f71e13fff5b523) 

That indicates what kind of controller is in use.

#### `public `[`ControlsModeMap`](#structControlsModeMap)` `[`ModeControlsA`](#structControlMapping_1acb57ae41b95f7beef041aa311c040a98) 

This is the mode map list A. By default, on the 3-axis kinova joystick, it corresponds to the modes accessible with the left button on the top of the stick.

#### `public `[`ControlsModeMap`](#structControlsModeMap)` `[`ModeControlsB`](#structControlMapping_1a068cd90e7e56554639f2a24d96f6e925) 

This is the mode map list B. By default, on the 3-axis kinova joystick, it corresponds to the modes accessible with the right button on the top of the stick.

# struct `ControlMappingCharts` 

This structure holds all the control mapping of the system. It is the entry point if you want to use the mapping system.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public int `[`NumOfConfiguredMapping`](#structControlMappingCharts_1a302a3bc9e63b9e737ca9c99bb251e4d7) | This tells you how many control mapping we got in the charts. it cannot exceeds CONTROL_MAPPING_COUNT.
`public int `[`ActualControlMapping`](#structControlMappingCharts_1a72cbb9155615519fd17ea5228fd19f8f) | This is the active control mapping.
`public `[`ControlMapping`](#structControlMapping)` `[`Mapping`](#structControlMappingCharts_1a1b72a247e0b46f49b30221f2b4f7497e) | This is the list of all control mapping stored in the charts.

## Members

#### `public int `[`NumOfConfiguredMapping`](#structControlMappingCharts_1a302a3bc9e63b9e737ca9c99bb251e4d7) 

This tells you how many control mapping we got in the charts. it cannot exceeds CONTROL_MAPPING_COUNT.

#### `public int `[`ActualControlMapping`](#structControlMappingCharts_1a72cbb9155615519fd17ea5228fd19f8f) 

This is the active control mapping.

#### `public `[`ControlMapping`](#structControlMapping)` `[`Mapping`](#structControlMappingCharts_1a1b72a247e0b46f49b30221f2b4f7497e) 

This is the list of all control mapping stored in the charts.

# struct `ControlsModeMap` 

Represents one mode map of a control mapping. Each control mapping has 2 list of mode map.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public int `[`DiagonalsLocked`](#structControlsModeMap_1af46c342653f85b90f59c677972c2e905) | A flag that indicates if we can perform movement in more than one direction at a time.
`public int `[`Expansion`](#structControlsModeMap_1a3fc6f2f0246d5ed5b4cf1635fb073c91) | Not use for now.
`public `[`StickEvents`](#structStickEvents)` `[`ControlSticks`](#structControlsModeMap_1a022bc6ccf4b8c655b152d134c4738b1c) | All events from the stick of the controller.
`public `[`ButtonEvents`](#structButtonEvents)` `[`ControlButtons`](#structControlsModeMap_1a3b54c773477b561b1fbc505556251717) | All events from the buttons of the controller.

## Members

#### `public int `[`DiagonalsLocked`](#structControlsModeMap_1af46c342653f85b90f59c677972c2e905) 

A flag that indicates if we can perform movement in more than one direction at a time.

#### `public int `[`Expansion`](#structControlsModeMap_1a3fc6f2f0246d5ed5b4cf1635fb073c91) 

Not use for now.

#### `public `[`StickEvents`](#structStickEvents)` `[`ControlSticks`](#structControlsModeMap_1a022bc6ccf4b8c655b152d134c4738b1c) 

All events from the stick of the controller.

#### `public `[`ButtonEvents`](#structButtonEvents)` `[`ControlButtons`](#structControlsModeMap_1a3b54c773477b561b1fbc505556251717) 

All events from the buttons of the controller.

# struct `EthernetCommConfig` 

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public unsigned long `[`localIpAddress`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1aa9acdd8bd46c4c644af5246b98017abf) | 
`public unsigned long `[`subnetMask`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1ae74d39fce17e56e457035c1dea3f2173) | 
`public unsigned long `[`robotIpAddress`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1ad6b5705c87843b963481dc97310d01a7) | 
`public unsigned short `[`localCmdport`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1a035430fbba2267ae69ad6bb69517f5cf) | 
`public unsigned short `[`localBcastPort`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1ad285e4ce9315609a11be21a78e5029f2) | 
`public unsigned short `[`robotPort`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1a7702c1901be6b08966bc43090e77f5a1) | 
`public unsigned long `[`rxTimeOutInMs`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1ac5def44778c262b64909380a0d4b8f42) | 

## Members

#### `public unsigned long `[`localIpAddress`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1aa9acdd8bd46c4c644af5246b98017abf) 

#### `public unsigned long `[`subnetMask`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1ae74d39fce17e56e457035c1dea3f2173) 

#### `public unsigned long `[`robotIpAddress`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1ad6b5705c87843b963481dc97310d01a7) 

#### `public unsigned short `[`localCmdport`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1a035430fbba2267ae69ad6bb69517f5cf) 

#### `public unsigned short `[`localBcastPort`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1ad285e4ce9315609a11be21a78e5029f2) 

#### `public unsigned short `[`robotPort`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1a7702c1901be6b08966bc43090e77f5a1) 

#### `public unsigned long `[`rxTimeOutInMs`](#structEthernetCommConfig_1ac5def44778c262b64909380a0d4b8f42) 

# struct `EthernetConfiguration` 

This data structure holds the Ethernet Config of the robot.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public unsigned char `[`IPAddress`](#structEthernetConfiguration_1aa667d3b5408daafa9564b577c78066d5) | 
`public unsigned char `[`MacAddress`](#structEthernetConfiguration_1a12c27125aefb22d74136423abc760e88) | 
`public unsigned short `[`PortNumber`](#structEthernetConfiguration_1af9bca9adaf0d103d9549197b49d7d0c0) | 
`public unsigned char `[`Subnet`](#structEthernetConfiguration_1a037ab1973204cea83e4b4bd85ff8894b) | 
`public unsigned char `[`Gateway`](#structEthernetConfiguration_1ad7fdfbc28278c21f465c79ca150af3a0) | 

## Members

#### `public unsigned char `[`IPAddress`](#structEthernetConfiguration_1aa667d3b5408daafa9564b577c78066d5) 

#### `public unsigned char `[`MacAddress`](#structEthernetConfiguration_1a12c27125aefb22d74136423abc760e88) 

#### `public unsigned short `[`PortNumber`](#structEthernetConfiguration_1af9bca9adaf0d103d9549197b49d7d0c0) 

#### `public unsigned char `[`Subnet`](#structEthernetConfiguration_1a037ab1973204cea83e4b4bd85ff8894b) 

#### `public unsigned char `[`Gateway`](#structEthernetConfiguration_1ad7fdfbc28278c21f465c79ca150af3a0) 

# struct `Finger` 

Structure that represents a finger from the end effector's tool.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public char `[`ID`](#structFinger_1a1e81ad463f71627970a8e6820f789fab) | ID of the finger.
`public float `[`ActualCommand`](#structFinger_1a901a1c88ba688a7880e9070db8fee548) | Actual command of the finger.
`public float `[`ActualSpeed`](#structFinger_1aa934199555a980635f9ddc574cc6dd84) | Actual velocity of the finger.
`public float `[`ActualForce`](#structFinger_1aeedf954fed8b85b6cfc6804c6533a428) | Actual force of the finger.
`public float `[`ActualAcceleration`](#structFinger_1a8f567a1b4f79cc476c293e231f4a640c) | Actual acceleration of the finger.
`public float `[`ActualCurrent`](#structFinger_1ae1928102462f537b1392ca61d002c0bd) | Actual current of the finger.
`public float `[`ActualPosition`](#structFinger_1a6a8082bb2dc6e4b1a809c351c2002a9d) | Actual position of the finger.
`public float `[`ActualAverageCurrent`](#structFinger_1abe8eb2782ebe64bacd24b5283d6bb64f) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`ActualTemperature`](#structFinger_1a7e85083e7ee6aaf7f8ac0fcbf0b4ced8) | Actual temperature of the finger.
`public int `[`CommunicationErrors`](#structFinger_1a688ac73326f0d7e071bb3755ff3f6a02) | Not used for now.
`public int `[`OscillatorTuningValue`](#structFinger_1ae77cb437b8a3225ec7012645df40aa48) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`CycleCount`](#structFinger_1a52eadd12c593a5fd5cc554a11619bc5d) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`RunTime`](#structFinger_1a28ad3ba61112ad6b05532edb89427684) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`PeakMaxTemp`](#structFinger_1ac959db1d35ebd3ded1ba2639cb927fbc) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`PeakMinTemp`](#structFinger_1ada7e63fa8e1b618d198cafd472692185) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`PeakCurrent`](#structFinger_1a1a0e3b38fbeac4a9805448504e1cd537) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`MaxSpeed`](#structFinger_1a66da8cea127f215c614fdb87e0ef2b9c) | This is the max velocity of the finger.
`public float `[`MaxForce`](#structFinger_1aac1ffdc3d2b9d2cd23d90b76e39e892c) | This is the max force of the finger.
`public float `[`MaxAcceleration`](#structFinger_1a383fb587571f0e8b6bc1713499973763) | This is the max acceleration of the finger.
`public float `[`MaxCurrent`](#structFinger_1a0ee68473cfae080e2ab4140ae28831ce) | This is the max current of the finger.
`public float `[`MaxAngle`](#structFinger_1a1e03293d942b0d44d937b21769192d2a) | This is the max position of the finger.
`public float `[`MinAngle`](#structFinger_1a0dce6e32d94cfbad9313446c67138de0) | This is the min position of the finger.
`public unsigned int `[`DeviceID`](#structFinger_1a933827723641f328b9d640ed9fa579fe) | Not used for now.
`public unsigned int `[`CodeVersion`](#structFinger_1a39f1fa57fc87fe6bcb09bc43d16a6389) | Code version of the finger's firmware.
`public unsigned short `[`IsFingerInit`](#structFinger_1a234ae5da6a6f0fd24538c80b8b339c18) | A flag that indicates if the finger is initialized or not.
`public unsigned short `[`Index`](#structFinger_1ab64ec8787b32917531d6ac4e0c8c3342) | Index of the finger.
`public unsigned short `[`FingerAddress`](#structFinger_1aba71b81dc24eb8f34254954707789cd4) | Address of the finger.
`public unsigned short `[`IsFingerConnected`](#structFinger_1ae5f0d71293de64ba7d7dd43b4275b439) | A flag that indicates if the finger is connected.

## Members

#### `public char `[`ID`](#structFinger_1a1e81ad463f71627970a8e6820f789fab) 

ID of the finger.

#### `public float `[`ActualCommand`](#structFinger_1a901a1c88ba688a7880e9070db8fee548) 

Actual command of the finger.

#### `public float `[`ActualSpeed`](#structFinger_1aa934199555a980635f9ddc574cc6dd84) 

Actual velocity of the finger.

#### `public float `[`ActualForce`](#structFinger_1aeedf954fed8b85b6cfc6804c6533a428) 

Actual force of the finger.

#### `public float `[`ActualAcceleration`](#structFinger_1a8f567a1b4f79cc476c293e231f4a640c) 

Actual acceleration of the finger.

#### `public float `[`ActualCurrent`](#structFinger_1ae1928102462f537b1392ca61d002c0bd) 

Actual current of the finger.

#### `public float `[`ActualPosition`](#structFinger_1a6a8082bb2dc6e4b1a809c351c2002a9d) 

Actual position of the finger.

#### `public float `[`ActualAverageCurrent`](#structFinger_1abe8eb2782ebe64bacd24b5283d6bb64f) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`ActualTemperature`](#structFinger_1a7e85083e7ee6aaf7f8ac0fcbf0b4ced8) 

Actual temperature of the finger.

#### `public int `[`CommunicationErrors`](#structFinger_1a688ac73326f0d7e071bb3755ff3f6a02) 

Not used for now.

#### `public int `[`OscillatorTuningValue`](#structFinger_1ae77cb437b8a3225ec7012645df40aa48) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`CycleCount`](#structFinger_1a52eadd12c593a5fd5cc554a11619bc5d) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`RunTime`](#structFinger_1a28ad3ba61112ad6b05532edb89427684) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`PeakMaxTemp`](#structFinger_1ac959db1d35ebd3ded1ba2639cb927fbc) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`PeakMinTemp`](#structFinger_1ada7e63fa8e1b618d198cafd472692185) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`PeakCurrent`](#structFinger_1a1a0e3b38fbeac4a9805448504e1cd537) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`MaxSpeed`](#structFinger_1a66da8cea127f215c614fdb87e0ef2b9c) 

This is the max velocity of the finger.

#### `public float `[`MaxForce`](#structFinger_1aac1ffdc3d2b9d2cd23d90b76e39e892c) 

This is the max force of the finger.

#### `public float `[`MaxAcceleration`](#structFinger_1a383fb587571f0e8b6bc1713499973763) 

This is the max acceleration of the finger.

#### `public float `[`MaxCurrent`](#structFinger_1a0ee68473cfae080e2ab4140ae28831ce) 

This is the max current of the finger.

#### `public float `[`MaxAngle`](#structFinger_1a1e03293d942b0d44d937b21769192d2a) 

This is the max position of the finger.

#### `public float `[`MinAngle`](#structFinger_1a0dce6e32d94cfbad9313446c67138de0) 

This is the min position of the finger.

#### `public unsigned int `[`DeviceID`](#structFinger_1a933827723641f328b9d640ed9fa579fe) 

Not used for now.

#### `public unsigned int `[`CodeVersion`](#structFinger_1a39f1fa57fc87fe6bcb09bc43d16a6389) 

Code version of the finger's firmware.

#### `public unsigned short `[`IsFingerInit`](#structFinger_1a234ae5da6a6f0fd24538c80b8b339c18) 

A flag that indicates if the finger is initialized or not.

#### `public unsigned short `[`Index`](#structFinger_1ab64ec8787b32917531d6ac4e0c8c3342) 

Index of the finger.

#### `public unsigned short `[`FingerAddress`](#structFinger_1aba71b81dc24eb8f34254954707789cd4) 

Address of the finger.

#### `public unsigned short `[`IsFingerConnected`](#structFinger_1ae5f0d71293de64ba7d7dd43b4275b439) 

A flag that indicates if the finger is connected.

# struct `FingersPosition` 

This data structure holds the values of the robot's fingers.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public float `[`Finger1`](#structFingersPosition_1a216f8d64e6a9c7aab84e4269ccb27e66) | This is the value of the finger #1. The units will depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`Finger2`](#structFingersPosition_1a0ec9675672721d61fb13bbc2db3d3ef9) | This is the value of the finger #2. The units will depends on the context it's been used.
`public float `[`Finger3`](#structFingersPosition_1a03c819e4c20367e36e62a864bf829160) | This is the value of the finger #3. The units will depends on the context it's been used.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structFingersPosition_1a2d958923675995d54d56e59f8549495d)`()` | This method will initialises all the values to 0

## Members

#### `public float `[`Finger1`](#structFingersPosition_1a216f8d64e6a9c7aab84e4269ccb27e66) 

This is the value of the finger #1. The units will depends on the context it's been used.

#### `public float `[`Finger2`](#structFingersPosition_1a0ec9675672721d61fb13bbc2db3d3ef9) 

This is the value of the finger #2. The units will depends on the context it's been used.

#### `public float `[`Finger3`](#structFingersPosition_1a03c819e4c20367e36e62a864bf829160) 

This is the value of the finger #3. The units will depends on the context it's been used.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structFingersPosition_1a2d958923675995d54d56e59f8549495d)`()` 

This method will initialises all the values to 0

# struct `ForcesInfo` 

This structure contains informations about the torque and the force of the robotical arm.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public float `[`Actuator1`](#structForcesInfo_1ab707b88bce0351a0baf4c71e6f3ef1c5) | That contains the torque of the actuator 1.
`public float `[`Actuator2`](#structForcesInfo_1a5a0dd34e95a333cd094c2de924216850) | That contains the torque of the actuator 2.
`public float `[`Actuator3`](#structForcesInfo_1acc271f53f83035f2ffc34b9b9f0ce057) | That contains the torque of the actuator 3.
`public float `[`Actuator4`](#structForcesInfo_1a3e618674ddfe08d0f70224e365a7f1b4) | That contains the torque of the actuator 4.
`public float `[`Actuator5`](#structForcesInfo_1adb02a0b17096da89857031a95ac625ae) | That contains the torque of the actuator 5.
`public float `[`Actuator6`](#structForcesInfo_1a501ce0b0d8ea6b22ddd7f140bfa32775) | That contains the torque of the actuator 6.
`public float `[`Actuator7`](#structForcesInfo_1a90b5800bb8fb9657f4242040b70d8d05) | That contains the torque of the actuator 7.
`public float `[`X`](#structForcesInfo_1abda609c2b6bfa10a6925f6dc4563d3b1) | That contains the force applied by the robotical arm on the X axis.
`public float `[`Y`](#structForcesInfo_1a47c77e75fa6c73fafe28ac2a82e6ac96) | That contains the force applied by the robotical arm on the Y axis.
`public float `[`Z`](#structForcesInfo_1a271af36e068276a370351c1ebe8ce911) | That contains the force applied by the robotical arm on the Z axis.
`public float `[`ThetaX`](#structForcesInfo_1aafb194d559f4df6f76bb07194adb246c) | That contains the force applied by the robotical arm around the X axis.
`public float `[`ThetaY`](#structForcesInfo_1a4a2161c051b9d21e3403d387f437aba8) | That contains the force applied by the robotical arm around the Y axis.
`public float `[`ThetaZ`](#structForcesInfo_1aabc71dcad8ea42fc58399c9cbde56fd0) | That contains the force applied by the robotical arm around the Z axis.

## Members

#### `public float `[`Actuator1`](#structForcesInfo_1ab707b88bce0351a0baf4c71e6f3ef1c5) 

That contains the torque of the actuator 1.

#### `public float `[`Actuator2`](#structForcesInfo_1a5a0dd34e95a333cd094c2de924216850) 

That contains the torque of the actuator 2.

#### `public float `[`Actuator3`](#structForcesInfo_1acc271f53f83035f2ffc34b9b9f0ce057) 

That contains the torque of the actuator 3.

#### `public float `[`Actuator4`](#structForcesInfo_1a3e618674ddfe08d0f70224e365a7f1b4) 

That contains the torque of the actuator 4.

#### `public float `[`Actuator5`](#structForcesInfo_1adb02a0b17096da89857031a95ac625ae) 

That contains the torque of the actuator 5.

#### `public float `[`Actuator6`](#structForcesInfo_1a501ce0b0d8ea6b22ddd7f140bfa32775) 

That contains the torque of the actuator 6.

#### `public float `[`Actuator7`](#structForcesInfo_1a90b5800bb8fb9657f4242040b70d8d05) 

That contains the torque of the actuator 7.

#### `public float `[`X`](#structForcesInfo_1abda609c2b6bfa10a6925f6dc4563d3b1) 

That contains the force applied by the robotical arm on the X axis.

#### `public float `[`Y`](#structForcesInfo_1a47c77e75fa6c73fafe28ac2a82e6ac96) 

That contains the force applied by the robotical arm on the Y axis.

#### `public float `[`Z`](#structForcesInfo_1a271af36e068276a370351c1ebe8ce911) 

That contains the force applied by the robotical arm on the Z axis.

#### `public float `[`ThetaX`](#structForcesInfo_1aafb194d559f4df6f76bb07194adb246c) 

That contains the force applied by the robotical arm around the X axis.

#### `public float `[`ThetaY`](#structForcesInfo_1a4a2161c051b9d21e3403d387f437aba8) 

That contains the force applied by the robotical arm around the Y axis.

#### `public float `[`ThetaZ`](#structForcesInfo_1aabc71dcad8ea42fc58399c9cbde56fd0) 

That contains the force applied by the robotical arm around the Z axis.

# struct `GeneralInformations` 

This is structure hold almost all information of the robotical arm.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public double `[`TimeAbsolute`](#structGeneralInformations_1ab2950271f954d901892257e5364e0d64) | not used for now
`public double `[`TimeFromStartup`](#structGeneralInformations_1ab88ee4b89e5244ada283aa21dd33bd39) | Time in second since the last boot.
`public unsigned int `[`IndexStartup`](#structGeneralInformations_1a112f455e7548254c639cbbc134eeaecc) | Not used for now.
`public int `[`ExpansionLong1`](#structGeneralInformations_1a4df94507a8b8f6bfdc84eedaf2d47f8f) | not used for now.
`public float `[`TimeStampSavings`](#structGeneralInformations_1a9175b100c45576a34acd3524e00d7d0c) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`ExpansionFloat`](#structGeneralInformations_1a8641ff908d6f15eb4c3984515e369dde) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`SupplyVoltage`](#structGeneralInformations_1a447fdb3bf03c52d0e173302fcdf27f07) | Main supply voltage.(24 V) Unit is V.
`public float `[`TotalCurrent`](#structGeneralInformations_1a6bce22c0c87b7c9696968182a8463a3e) | Current consumed on the main supply. Unit is A.
`public float `[`Power`](#structGeneralInformations_1aacfd4f60945e48471c09376abfbd3c46) | Power consumed on the main supply. Unit is W.
`public float `[`AveragePower`](#structGeneralInformations_1ad7ad2bf957aa53d28a43897efe201b56) | Average power consumed on the main supply. Unit is W.
`public float `[`AccelerationX`](#structGeneralInformations_1a3efc018f27ed117ab22e0058503b5105) | Acceleration X sensor's value. Unit is G.
`public float `[`AccelerationY`](#structGeneralInformations_1a2119e215e49f8bafe8cb5b9ddf8c58b5) | Acceleration Y sensor's value. Unit is G.
`public float `[`AccelerationZ`](#structGeneralInformations_1a2a22c6b9b88f19a650137a1e6df8d571) | Acceleration Z sensor's value. Unit is G.
`public float `[`SensorExpansion1`](#structGeneralInformations_1add8723743dfc70752472ada7ba50779c) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`SensorExpansion2`](#structGeneralInformations_1af24f37b896bc32e2adeeffa8826036cd) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`SensorExpansion3`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac3d8b0c6a9857e27d3420e693c993565) | Not used for now.
`public unsigned int `[`CodeVersion`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac71288477c2e447e7dd298ca707bcec3) | Firmware's code version. (Version.Major.Minor)
`public unsigned int `[`CodeRevision`](#structGeneralInformations_1a56f6f5dc8067f0ea4deb4b0c5cc3f971) | Firmware's code revision.
`public unsigned short `[`Status`](#structGeneralInformations_1ada03b782731dc711fc78f2ab00fe3fcd) | Not used for now.
`public unsigned short `[`Controller`](#structGeneralInformations_1a3cd5d14a57c053719db5c02cc471005b) | The active controller. Example : 3-axis joystick, API, universal interface, ...
`public unsigned short `[`ControlMode`](#structGeneralInformations_1aaac67e7cb72de84d904bf96285ce97ef) | Not used for now.
`public unsigned short `[`HandMode`](#structGeneralInformations_1a2fb3e86852c3ee8fedd27e745d71d7c7) | Not used for now.
`public unsigned short `[`ConnectedActuatorCount`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac8f106acda69fb0d0dc7088216854fb0) | Connected actuator count.
`public unsigned short `[`PositionType`](#structGeneralInformations_1aaca0e478d0550e1c1763fcf8efe0c561) | Type of the actual position.
`public unsigned short `[`ErrorsSpiExpansion1`](#structGeneralInformations_1a81b7dea1c9cbcbc985eca648a8c5075c) | Not in used now.
`public unsigned short `[`ErrorsSpiExpansion2`](#structGeneralInformations_1afcd202e8b7851289121ce9b5fd2b2dca) | Not in used now.
`public unsigned short `[`ErrorsMainSPICount`](#structGeneralInformations_1a810315cbb3a170f9a1124e52cc22d59c) | Communication error from the main SPI.
`public unsigned short `[`ErrorsExternalSPICount`](#structGeneralInformations_1a53e3e2b371092bf2f0fbc922d7dff8f3) | Communication error from the external SPI.
`public unsigned short `[`ErrorsMainCANCount`](#structGeneralInformations_1aa2ae45e90dae092075b4662268757868) | Communication error from the main internal communication bus.
`public unsigned short `[`ErrorsExternalCANCount`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac7ac1443cdd9f470fda64cd077ce06fb) | Communication error from the main external communication bus.
`public `[`SystemStatus`](#structSystemStatus)` `[`ActualSystemStatus`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac1ff05432bd5c95b73b50b9d38830105) | System status.
`public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`Position`](#structGeneralInformations_1a1bdb970acfdca928cf01a6850dc3ff3a) | The actual angular and cartesian position information.
`public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`Command`](#structGeneralInformations_1aff852c9c84a0b313f311e1e222508cf7) | The actual angular and cartesian command information.
`public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`Current`](#structGeneralInformations_1adecf04bc979eae4013a1dc4c5d2e43db) | The actual angular and cartesian current information.
`public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`Force`](#structGeneralInformations_1a9f590b4fb00dc71b195348fbd18cc428) | The actual angular and cartesian force information.
`public `[`ZoneLimitation`](#structZoneLimitation)` `[`ActualLimitations`](#structGeneralInformations_1a025752cc70001b073d606f277c410d93) | Actua limitation applied on the robotical arm.
`public float `[`ControlIncrement`](#structGeneralInformations_1afefe3d60265d4e6174b574cd71862ae6) | Actual control increment from the actuators.
`public float `[`FingerControlIncrement`](#structGeneralInformations_1a538144c6ae5efec5dbeac1db517480ed) | Actual control increment from the fingers.
`public `[`JoystickCommand`](#structJoystickCommand)` `[`ActualJoystickCommand`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac410a6988b0b124a005e0669c9f2172a) | Actual joystick command received by the robotical arm.
`public unsigned int `[`PeripheralsConnected`](#structGeneralInformations_1a0e7edf0a7d68bc5186b054bf3764699a) | An array of all the connected peripheral.
`public unsigned int `[`PeripheralsDeviceID`](#structGeneralInformations_1a6edf5533337f8d17956550364467679b) | An array of all the connected peripheral's ID.
`public float `[`ActuatorsTemperatures`](#structGeneralInformations_1ab96678929827fcb10f4daf5a149de875) | An array of all the connected peripheral.
`public float `[`FingersTemperatures`](#structGeneralInformations_1a45e5897f59b7d00c5159a0a2e8d151d8) | An array that contains the fingers's temperature.
`public float `[`FutureTemperatures`](#structGeneralInformations_1a9acf6d8134ee89b7de200ca863d46d94) | Not used for now.
`public int `[`ActuatorsCommErrors`](#structGeneralInformations_1addbc57680b7218be912440e0266edbdb) | An array that contains communication errors of all actuators.
`public int `[`FingersCommErrors`](#structGeneralInformations_1a2a65ca5c2039e398982814e0a2c0e862) | An array that contains communication errors of all fingers.
`public int `[`ExpansionLong2`](#structGeneralInformations_1abc8962194d7c8b514be5c28d99b6b4a3) | Not used for now.
`public double `[`ControlTimeAbsolute`](#structGeneralInformations_1a8f91e2c0ca1565c5f3478923b9885389) | Not used for now.
`public double `[`ControlTimeFromStartup`](#structGeneralInformations_1aa38f3afead9da07799c45bca401037eb) | Control time since the last boot. The control time all the time the the robotical arm receive commands from any controller.
`public unsigned char `[`ExpansionsBytes`](#structGeneralInformations_1a79fda6f821bd29109818f22bfc4167b5) | Not used for now

## Members

#### `public double `[`TimeAbsolute`](#structGeneralInformations_1ab2950271f954d901892257e5364e0d64) 

not used for now

#### `public double `[`TimeFromStartup`](#structGeneralInformations_1ab88ee4b89e5244ada283aa21dd33bd39) 

Time in second since the last boot.

#### `public unsigned int `[`IndexStartup`](#structGeneralInformations_1a112f455e7548254c639cbbc134eeaecc) 

Not used for now.

#### `public int `[`ExpansionLong1`](#structGeneralInformations_1a4df94507a8b8f6bfdc84eedaf2d47f8f) 

not used for now.

#### `public float `[`TimeStampSavings`](#structGeneralInformations_1a9175b100c45576a34acd3524e00d7d0c) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`ExpansionFloat`](#structGeneralInformations_1a8641ff908d6f15eb4c3984515e369dde) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`SupplyVoltage`](#structGeneralInformations_1a447fdb3bf03c52d0e173302fcdf27f07) 

Main supply voltage.(24 V) Unit is V.

#### `public float `[`TotalCurrent`](#structGeneralInformations_1a6bce22c0c87b7c9696968182a8463a3e) 

Current consumed on the main supply. Unit is A.

#### `public float `[`Power`](#structGeneralInformations_1aacfd4f60945e48471c09376abfbd3c46) 

Power consumed on the main supply. Unit is W.

#### `public float `[`AveragePower`](#structGeneralInformations_1ad7ad2bf957aa53d28a43897efe201b56) 

Average power consumed on the main supply. Unit is W.

#### `public float `[`AccelerationX`](#structGeneralInformations_1a3efc018f27ed117ab22e0058503b5105) 

Acceleration X sensor's value. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`AccelerationY`](#structGeneralInformations_1a2119e215e49f8bafe8cb5b9ddf8c58b5) 

Acceleration Y sensor's value. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`AccelerationZ`](#structGeneralInformations_1a2a22c6b9b88f19a650137a1e6df8d571) 

Acceleration Z sensor's value. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`SensorExpansion1`](#structGeneralInformations_1add8723743dfc70752472ada7ba50779c) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`SensorExpansion2`](#structGeneralInformations_1af24f37b896bc32e2adeeffa8826036cd) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`SensorExpansion3`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac3d8b0c6a9857e27d3420e693c993565) 

Not used for now.

#### `public unsigned int `[`CodeVersion`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac71288477c2e447e7dd298ca707bcec3) 

Firmware's code version. (Version.Major.Minor)

#### `public unsigned int `[`CodeRevision`](#structGeneralInformations_1a56f6f5dc8067f0ea4deb4b0c5cc3f971) 

Firmware's code revision.

#### `public unsigned short `[`Status`](#structGeneralInformations_1ada03b782731dc711fc78f2ab00fe3fcd) 

Not used for now.

#### `public unsigned short `[`Controller`](#structGeneralInformations_1a3cd5d14a57c053719db5c02cc471005b) 

The active controller. Example : 3-axis joystick, API, universal interface, ...

#### `public unsigned short `[`ControlMode`](#structGeneralInformations_1aaac67e7cb72de84d904bf96285ce97ef) 

Not used for now.

#### `public unsigned short `[`HandMode`](#structGeneralInformations_1a2fb3e86852c3ee8fedd27e745d71d7c7) 

Not used for now.

#### `public unsigned short `[`ConnectedActuatorCount`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac8f106acda69fb0d0dc7088216854fb0) 

Connected actuator count.

#### `public unsigned short `[`PositionType`](#structGeneralInformations_1aaca0e478d0550e1c1763fcf8efe0c561) 

Type of the actual position.

#### `public unsigned short `[`ErrorsSpiExpansion1`](#structGeneralInformations_1a81b7dea1c9cbcbc985eca648a8c5075c) 

Not in used now.

#### `public unsigned short `[`ErrorsSpiExpansion2`](#structGeneralInformations_1afcd202e8b7851289121ce9b5fd2b2dca) 

Not in used now.

#### `public unsigned short `[`ErrorsMainSPICount`](#structGeneralInformations_1a810315cbb3a170f9a1124e52cc22d59c) 

Communication error from the main SPI.

#### `public unsigned short `[`ErrorsExternalSPICount`](#structGeneralInformations_1a53e3e2b371092bf2f0fbc922d7dff8f3) 

Communication error from the external SPI.

#### `public unsigned short `[`ErrorsMainCANCount`](#structGeneralInformations_1aa2ae45e90dae092075b4662268757868) 

Communication error from the main internal communication bus.

#### `public unsigned short `[`ErrorsExternalCANCount`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac7ac1443cdd9f470fda64cd077ce06fb) 

Communication error from the main external communication bus.

#### `public `[`SystemStatus`](#structSystemStatus)` `[`ActualSystemStatus`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac1ff05432bd5c95b73b50b9d38830105) 

System status.

#### `public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`Position`](#structGeneralInformations_1a1bdb970acfdca928cf01a6850dc3ff3a) 

The actual angular and cartesian position information.

#### `public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`Command`](#structGeneralInformations_1aff852c9c84a0b313f311e1e222508cf7) 

The actual angular and cartesian command information.

#### `public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`Current`](#structGeneralInformations_1adecf04bc979eae4013a1dc4c5d2e43db) 

The actual angular and cartesian current information.

#### `public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`Force`](#structGeneralInformations_1a9f590b4fb00dc71b195348fbd18cc428) 

The actual angular and cartesian force information.

#### `public `[`ZoneLimitation`](#structZoneLimitation)` `[`ActualLimitations`](#structGeneralInformations_1a025752cc70001b073d606f277c410d93) 

Actua limitation applied on the robotical arm.

#### `public float `[`ControlIncrement`](#structGeneralInformations_1afefe3d60265d4e6174b574cd71862ae6) 

Actual control increment from the actuators.

#### `public float `[`FingerControlIncrement`](#structGeneralInformations_1a538144c6ae5efec5dbeac1db517480ed) 

Actual control increment from the fingers.

#### `public `[`JoystickCommand`](#structJoystickCommand)` `[`ActualJoystickCommand`](#structGeneralInformations_1ac410a6988b0b124a005e0669c9f2172a) 

Actual joystick command received by the robotical arm.

#### `public unsigned int `[`PeripheralsConnected`](#structGeneralInformations_1a0e7edf0a7d68bc5186b054bf3764699a) 

An array of all the connected peripheral.

#### `public unsigned int `[`PeripheralsDeviceID`](#structGeneralInformations_1a6edf5533337f8d17956550364467679b) 

An array of all the connected peripheral's ID.

#### `public float `[`ActuatorsTemperatures`](#structGeneralInformations_1ab96678929827fcb10f4daf5a149de875) 

An array of all the connected peripheral.

#### `public float `[`FingersTemperatures`](#structGeneralInformations_1a45e5897f59b7d00c5159a0a2e8d151d8) 

An array that contains the fingers's temperature.

#### `public float `[`FutureTemperatures`](#structGeneralInformations_1a9acf6d8134ee89b7de200ca863d46d94) 

Not used for now.

#### `public int `[`ActuatorsCommErrors`](#structGeneralInformations_1addbc57680b7218be912440e0266edbdb) 

An array that contains communication errors of all actuators.

#### `public int `[`FingersCommErrors`](#structGeneralInformations_1a2a65ca5c2039e398982814e0a2c0e862) 

An array that contains communication errors of all fingers.

#### `public int `[`ExpansionLong2`](#structGeneralInformations_1abc8962194d7c8b514be5c28d99b6b4a3) 

Not used for now.

#### `public double `[`ControlTimeAbsolute`](#structGeneralInformations_1a8f91e2c0ca1565c5f3478923b9885389) 

Not used for now.

#### `public double `[`ControlTimeFromStartup`](#structGeneralInformations_1aa38f3afead9da07799c45bca401037eb) 

Control time since the last boot. The control time all the time the the robotical arm receive commands from any controller.

#### `public unsigned char `[`ExpansionsBytes`](#structGeneralInformations_1a79fda6f821bd29109818f22bfc4167b5) 

Not used for now

# struct `Gripper` 

Structure that represents the robotical arm's gripper.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public char `[`Model`](#structGripper_1aa3b78dc0d3f43e0237049b9c99152cd0) | Model of the gripper.
`public `[`Finger`](#structFinger)` `[`Fingers`](#structGripper_1a29c6c24f466f89ca91df7c47b5fdb7d3) | The 3 fingers of the gripper.

## Members

#### `public char `[`Model`](#structGripper_1aa3b78dc0d3f43e0237049b9c99152cd0) 

Model of the gripper.

#### `public `[`Finger`](#structFinger)` `[`Fingers`](#structGripper_1a29c6c24f466f89ca91df7c47b5fdb7d3) 

The 3 fingers of the gripper.

# struct `JoystickCommand` 

This is a virtual representation of a 6-axis joystick.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public short `[`ButtonValue`](#structJoystickCommand_1abe14f0b7b117048aa1c7f9626a669035) | This array contains the state of all the buttons. (1 = PRESSED, 0 = RELEASED)
`public float `[`InclineLeftRight`](#structJoystickCommand_1a357b7ffd95720084658487aee12662c8) | That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is inclined from left to right. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.
`public float `[`InclineForwardBackward`](#structJoystickCommand_1ac1ac2e83b68ea20eba3e92935b966ba6) | That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is inclined forward and backward. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.
`public float `[`Rotate`](#structJoystickCommand_1a02fece0bcf6cfc2135f294a3dbe9db4e) | That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is rotated clockwork and counter clockwork. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.
`public float `[`MoveLeftRight`](#structJoystickCommand_1a6ca311d7940ce3c7ea6e9a3719388181) | That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is moved from left to right. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.
`public float `[`MoveForwardBackward`](#structJoystickCommand_1a9ca8ffe74ba1717de22528f71b0e5592) | That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is moved forward and backward. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.
`public float `[`PushPull`](#structJoystickCommand_1af530128a7a89e383f88a4c2b798a66b4) | That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is pushed and pulled. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structJoystickCommand_1ad3d41f607c6ea6916e061a8edae5a0e4)`()` | 

## Members

#### `public short `[`ButtonValue`](#structJoystickCommand_1abe14f0b7b117048aa1c7f9626a669035) 

This array contains the state of all the buttons. (1 = PRESSED, 0 = RELEASED)

#### `public float `[`InclineLeftRight`](#structJoystickCommand_1a357b7ffd95720084658487aee12662c8) 

That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is inclined from left to right. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.

#### `public float `[`InclineForwardBackward`](#structJoystickCommand_1ac1ac2e83b68ea20eba3e92935b966ba6) 

That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is inclined forward and backward. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.

#### `public float `[`Rotate`](#structJoystickCommand_1a02fece0bcf6cfc2135f294a3dbe9db4e) 

That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is rotated clockwork and counter clockwork. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.

#### `public float `[`MoveLeftRight`](#structJoystickCommand_1a6ca311d7940ce3c7ea6e9a3719388181) 

That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is moved from left to right. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.

#### `public float `[`MoveForwardBackward`](#structJoystickCommand_1a9ca8ffe74ba1717de22528f71b0e5592) 

That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is moved forward and backward. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.

#### `public float `[`PushPull`](#structJoystickCommand_1af530128a7a89e383f88a4c2b798a66b4) 

That holds the behaviour of the stick when it is pushed and pulled. (value between -1 and 1 inclusively) 2 functionalities can be mapped with this value, there is an event when the value is negative and there is one when it is positive.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structJoystickCommand_1ad3d41f607c6ea6916e061a8edae5a0e4)`()` 

# struct `KinovaDevice` 

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public char `[`SerialNumber`](#structKinovaDevice_1a1ac35bbb44a1d5b92cfe182271c4979d) | 
`public char `[`Model`](#structKinovaDevice_1ad735add83b574d37ab2625770323f28f) | 
`public int `[`VersionMajor`](#structKinovaDevice_1a2fb3a8281f7f3301dcbd98e99a3437e4) | 
`public int `[`VersionMinor`](#structKinovaDevice_1ab573300dba53350e1edcd21392972779) | 
`public int `[`VersionRelease`](#structKinovaDevice_1ae72a26a39e2dcd415a6b78124b04b054) | 
`public int `[`DeviceType`](#structKinovaDevice_1a7fe8d19f9aa184e7d5b75234643f8015) | 
`public int `[`DeviceID`](#structKinovaDevice_1a8083dd1a66b42e373823fdb1a16b02e7) | 

## Members

#### `public char `[`SerialNumber`](#structKinovaDevice_1a1ac35bbb44a1d5b92cfe182271c4979d) 

#### `public char `[`Model`](#structKinovaDevice_1ad735add83b574d37ab2625770323f28f) 

#### `public int `[`VersionMajor`](#structKinovaDevice_1a2fb3a8281f7f3301dcbd98e99a3437e4) 

#### `public int `[`VersionMinor`](#structKinovaDevice_1ab573300dba53350e1edcd21392972779) 

#### `public int `[`VersionRelease`](#structKinovaDevice_1ae72a26a39e2dcd415a6b78124b04b054) 

#### `public int `[`DeviceType`](#structKinovaDevice_1a7fe8d19f9aa184e7d5b75234643f8015) 

#### `public int `[`DeviceID`](#structKinovaDevice_1a8083dd1a66b42e373823fdb1a16b02e7) 

# struct `Limitation` 

This data structure represents all limitation that can be applied to a control context.

Depending on the context, units and behaviour can change. See each parameter for more informations.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public float `[`speedParameter1`](#structLimitation_1a3d36f2f90548acecb3e080d8c47d00f2) | In a cartesian context, this represents the translation velocity but in an angular context, this represents the velocity of the actuators 1, 2 and 3.
`public float `[`speedParameter2`](#structLimitation_1aa17c9688bba54c9a8e2208d38266ae93) | In a cartesian context, this represents the orientation velocity but in an angular context, this represents the velocity of the actuators 4, 5 and 6.
`public float `[`speedParameter3`](#structLimitation_1a3d2e542a721c712b06b70f554d10d468) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`forceParameter1`](#structLimitation_1abafcff837c521cea6d410245547b148e) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`forceParameter2`](#structLimitation_1a4a48f99b82a0078cfedb029c92355bef) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`forceParameter3`](#structLimitation_1a25a3f8ac4759c63b46d2201b651817e5) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`accelerationParameter1`](#structLimitation_1a695b233ff2bd5f53460fcadad86c0cfa) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`accelerationParameter2`](#structLimitation_1a1bc77d927cb14ce2f963ccfa53fb0d99) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`accelerationParameter3`](#structLimitation_1a23cd4303674bd42a0e583fced50a3511) | Not used for now.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structLimitation_1a098f4ee5d0eb6baf844ff3164f1a20f6)`()` | 

## Members

#### `public float `[`speedParameter1`](#structLimitation_1a3d36f2f90548acecb3e080d8c47d00f2) 

In a cartesian context, this represents the translation velocity but in an angular context, this represents the velocity of the actuators 1, 2 and 3.

#### `public float `[`speedParameter2`](#structLimitation_1aa17c9688bba54c9a8e2208d38266ae93) 

In a cartesian context, this represents the orientation velocity but in an angular context, this represents the velocity of the actuators 4, 5 and 6.

#### `public float `[`speedParameter3`](#structLimitation_1a3d2e542a721c712b06b70f554d10d468) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`forceParameter1`](#structLimitation_1abafcff837c521cea6d410245547b148e) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`forceParameter2`](#structLimitation_1a4a48f99b82a0078cfedb029c92355bef) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`forceParameter3`](#structLimitation_1a25a3f8ac4759c63b46d2201b651817e5) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`accelerationParameter1`](#structLimitation_1a695b233ff2bd5f53460fcadad86c0cfa) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`accelerationParameter2`](#structLimitation_1a1bc77d927cb14ce2f963ccfa53fb0d99) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`accelerationParameter3`](#structLimitation_1a23cd4303674bd42a0e583fced50a3511) 

Not used for now.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structLimitation_1a098f4ee5d0eb6baf844ff3164f1a20f6)`()` 

# struct `Packet` 

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public short `[`IdPacket`](#structPacket_1af74e2cb3038d19a97729f6e6bf1e8e93) | 
`public short `[`TotalPacketCount`](#structPacket_1a146c0888f5e5e591735df01d1b627ae6) | 
`public short `[`IdCommand`](#structPacket_1a16775da153c1fcceb514766c0054ad0b) | 
`public short `[`TotalDataSize`](#structPacket_1a1f7f00740719cb05e71795512c70657b) | 
`public unsigned char `[`Data`](#structPacket_1a497ccca7115f1401778a1c32084e44eb) | 

## Members

#### `public short `[`IdPacket`](#structPacket_1af74e2cb3038d19a97729f6e6bf1e8e93) 

#### `public short `[`TotalPacketCount`](#structPacket_1a146c0888f5e5e591735df01d1b627ae6) 

#### `public short `[`IdCommand`](#structPacket_1a16775da153c1fcceb514766c0054ad0b) 

#### `public short `[`TotalDataSize`](#structPacket_1a1f7f00740719cb05e71795512c70657b) 

#### `public unsigned char `[`Data`](#structPacket_1a497ccca7115f1401778a1c32084e44eb) 

# struct `PacketList` 

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public std::vector< `[`Packet`](#structPacket)` > `[`packets`](#structPacketList_1aae2dc646e36cfef15a39b27784ad955d) | 

## Members

#### `public std::vector< `[`Packet`](#structPacket)` > `[`packets`](#structPacketList_1aae2dc646e36cfef15a39b27784ad955d) 

# struct `PeripheralInfo` 

This data structure holds information that describes an abstract peripheral.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public unsigned int `[`Handle`](#structPeripheralInfo_1ad63ba012f47f06ba9eb5baa1e5c49cfb) | Handle to the peripheral. Internal use only.
`public unsigned int `[`Type`](#structPeripheralInfo_1a68ed2672dbb345ad711011834439be4e) | Type of peripheral.
`public unsigned int `[`Port`](#structPeripheralInfo_1acf5f236a5c5c7923edd5175ac00ae3c5) | Port's type of the peripheral.
`public unsigned int `[`Address`](#structPeripheralInfo_1a18255b4f0485ada8f5658e30a6c8486e) | Address of the peripheral.
`public unsigned int `[`CodeVersion`](#structPeripheralInfo_1a871b1f912f52fd20a1e8bd120ed81422) | The code's version of the peripheral.

## Members

#### `public unsigned int `[`Handle`](#structPeripheralInfo_1ad63ba012f47f06ba9eb5baa1e5c49cfb) 

Handle to the peripheral. Internal use only.

#### `public unsigned int `[`Type`](#structPeripheralInfo_1a68ed2672dbb345ad711011834439be4e) 

Type of peripheral.

#### `public unsigned int `[`Port`](#structPeripheralInfo_1acf5f236a5c5c7923edd5175ac00ae3c5) 

Port's type of the peripheral.

#### `public unsigned int `[`Address`](#structPeripheralInfo_1a18255b4f0485ada8f5658e30a6c8486e) 

Address of the peripheral.

#### `public unsigned int `[`CodeVersion`](#structPeripheralInfo_1a871b1f912f52fd20a1e8bd120ed81422) 

The code's version of the peripheral.

# struct `QuickStatus` 

This structure holds various informations but mostly it is flag status.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public unsigned char `[`Finger1Status`](#structQuickStatus_1a8e58f5a35e358178ac17145661aa9fa3) | This flag's value is 1 if the finger #1 is initialized.
`public unsigned char `[`Finger2Status`](#structQuickStatus_1a00d03a339f99ef4565b55f157b7d0ebc) | This flag's value is 1 if the finger #1 is initialized.
`public unsigned char `[`Finger3Status`](#structQuickStatus_1adb0674bfd3b4131c3e2ae0862d5bee50) | This flag's value is 1 if the finger #1 is initialized.
`public unsigned char `[`RetractType`](#structQuickStatus_1a720df4ba846103ada466a72dd8d28142) | This is the retract state. this value is directly associated with the enum RETRACT_TYPE.
`public unsigned char `[`RetractComplexity`](#structQuickStatus_1ab905987dc81a754d7966b71e6c6b31a0) | This is a flag that indicates if the advance retract is on. (0 = basic retract - 1 = advance retract)
`public unsigned char `[`ControlEnableStatus`](#structQuickStatus_1ab83f9950c5baaae77754d2fd9c42b3f8) | This is a flag that indicates if the control is on. (0 = ON - 1 = OFF)
`public unsigned char `[`ControlActiveModule`](#structQuickStatus_1ab707e183f53af1789d2122a76ebb1786) | This flag indicates the active control module. This value is directly associated with the enum CONTROL_MODULE.
`public unsigned char `[`ControlFrameType`](#structQuickStatus_1a2a5b8e7585c34a53436e8bcc1650ea18) | This is a flag that indicates the actual control frame. (0 = fixed - 1 = rotating frame)
`public unsigned char `[`CartesianFaultState`](#structQuickStatus_1a738566489a176b3dbe45c5628239c6d1) | This is a flag that indicates the actual control frame. (0 = fixed - 1 = rotating frame)
`public unsigned char `[`ForceControlStatus`](#structQuickStatus_1a68fa24e235f5b81c7231abf1e121be50) | This is a flag that indicates if the force control is ON. (0 = ON - 1 = OFF)
`public unsigned char `[`CurrentLimitationStatus`](#structQuickStatus_1a8177e27c2aeab753c3fa87fd2c7342c3) | This is a flag that indicates if the current limitation is on. (0 = ON - 1 = OFF)
`public unsigned char `[`RobotType`](#structQuickStatus_1a74b2c900b935a07df18fbea12c3f4d68) | This tells you if the robotical arm is a JACO or a MICO((0 = JACO - 1 = MICO))
`public unsigned char `[`RobotEdition`](#structQuickStatus_1a966ce09dd5f19aaeea7edf9aff76d6d8) | Not used for now.
`public unsigned char `[`TorqueSensorsStatus`](#structQuickStatus_1a7281937d476103ff28398205848897f1) | That tells if torque sensors are available or not.

## Members

#### `public unsigned char `[`Finger1Status`](#structQuickStatus_1a8e58f5a35e358178ac17145661aa9fa3) 

This flag's value is 1 if the finger #1 is initialized.

#### `public unsigned char `[`Finger2Status`](#structQuickStatus_1a00d03a339f99ef4565b55f157b7d0ebc) 

This flag's value is 1 if the finger #1 is initialized.

#### `public unsigned char `[`Finger3Status`](#structQuickStatus_1adb0674bfd3b4131c3e2ae0862d5bee50) 

This flag's value is 1 if the finger #1 is initialized.

#### `public unsigned char `[`RetractType`](#structQuickStatus_1a720df4ba846103ada466a72dd8d28142) 

This is the retract state. this value is directly associated with the enum RETRACT_TYPE.

#### `public unsigned char `[`RetractComplexity`](#structQuickStatus_1ab905987dc81a754d7966b71e6c6b31a0) 

This is a flag that indicates if the advance retract is on. (0 = basic retract - 1 = advance retract)

#### `public unsigned char `[`ControlEnableStatus`](#structQuickStatus_1ab83f9950c5baaae77754d2fd9c42b3f8) 

This is a flag that indicates if the control is on. (0 = ON - 1 = OFF)

#### `public unsigned char `[`ControlActiveModule`](#structQuickStatus_1ab707e183f53af1789d2122a76ebb1786) 

This flag indicates the active control module. This value is directly associated with the enum CONTROL_MODULE.

#### `public unsigned char `[`ControlFrameType`](#structQuickStatus_1a2a5b8e7585c34a53436e8bcc1650ea18) 

This is a flag that indicates the actual control frame. (0 = fixed - 1 = rotating frame)

#### `public unsigned char `[`CartesianFaultState`](#structQuickStatus_1a738566489a176b3dbe45c5628239c6d1) 

This is a flag that indicates the actual control frame. (0 = fixed - 1 = rotating frame)

#### `public unsigned char `[`ForceControlStatus`](#structQuickStatus_1a68fa24e235f5b81c7231abf1e121be50) 

This is a flag that indicates if the force control is ON. (0 = ON - 1 = OFF)

#### `public unsigned char `[`CurrentLimitationStatus`](#structQuickStatus_1a8177e27c2aeab753c3fa87fd2c7342c3) 

This is a flag that indicates if the current limitation is on. (0 = ON - 1 = OFF)

#### `public unsigned char `[`RobotType`](#structQuickStatus_1a74b2c900b935a07df18fbea12c3f4d68) 

This tells you if the robotical arm is a JACO or a MICO((0 = JACO - 1 = MICO))

#### `public unsigned char `[`RobotEdition`](#structQuickStatus_1a966ce09dd5f19aaeea7edf9aff76d6d8) 

Not used for now.

#### `public unsigned char `[`TorqueSensorsStatus`](#structQuickStatus_1a7281937d476103ff28398205848897f1) 

That tells if torque sensors are available or not.

# struct `RobotIdentity` 

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public char `[`SerialNumber`](#structRobotIdentity_1a5a7b07744e7c2484f79a9cd440c6d354) | 
`public char `[`Model`](#structRobotIdentity_1aff9326e9c94fbf1b46ceaa41780eb499) | 
`public unsigned int `[`CodeVersion`](#structRobotIdentity_1af06e98fa7dc12929a0f45f25481fc672) | 
`public int `[`RobotType`](#structRobotIdentity_1a55132690d3770a6e9fc2e82eb24669d3) | 

## Members

#### `public char `[`SerialNumber`](#structRobotIdentity_1a5a7b07744e7c2484f79a9cd440c6d354) 

#### `public char `[`Model`](#structRobotIdentity_1aff9326e9c94fbf1b46ceaa41780eb499) 

#### `public unsigned int `[`CodeVersion`](#structRobotIdentity_1af06e98fa7dc12929a0f45f25481fc672) 

#### `public int `[`RobotType`](#structRobotIdentity_1a55132690d3770a6e9fc2e82eb24669d3) 

# struct `RS485_Message` 

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public short `[`Command`](#structRS485__Message_1a28b4e2ed527f4a294075eec79aa49e04) | 
`public unsigned char `[`SourceAddress`](#structRS485__Message_1aac45f70a633fdaad82a2c38e93d0e379) | 
`public unsigned char `[`DestinationAddress`](#structRS485__Message_1a82d990bf11385481ed3c76381ad3770e) | 
`public unsigned char `[`DataByte`](#structRS485__Message_1af20a2cc2bb491e5620b32bfb2cb6da94) | 
`public float `[`DataFloat`](#structRS485__Message_1a15b9d5c386a7e36b09ec989107a713a1) | 
`public unsigned int `[`DataLong`](#structRS485__Message_1a851c8896f8821047710a25d1f3a253be) | 
`public union RS485_Message::@0 `[`@1`](#structRS485__Message_1a282eb095097a0c0be6eb4c4e6acffc4e) | 
`public union RS485_Message::@2 `[`@3`](#structRS485__Message_1a22a8c01ba19c0174abeb81754f66cefa) | 

## Members

#### `public short `[`Command`](#structRS485__Message_1a28b4e2ed527f4a294075eec79aa49e04) 

#### `public unsigned char `[`SourceAddress`](#structRS485__Message_1aac45f70a633fdaad82a2c38e93d0e379) 

#### `public unsigned char `[`DestinationAddress`](#structRS485__Message_1a82d990bf11385481ed3c76381ad3770e) 

#### `public unsigned char `[`DataByte`](#structRS485__Message_1af20a2cc2bb491e5620b32bfb2cb6da94) 

#### `public float `[`DataFloat`](#structRS485__Message_1a15b9d5c386a7e36b09ec989107a713a1) 

#### `public unsigned int `[`DataLong`](#structRS485__Message_1a851c8896f8821047710a25d1f3a253be) 

#### `public union RS485_Message::@0 `[`@1`](#structRS485__Message_1a282eb095097a0c0be6eb4c4e6acffc4e) 

#### `public union RS485_Message::@2 `[`@3`](#structRS485__Message_1a22a8c01ba19c0174abeb81754f66cefa) 

# struct `SdkEthernetConfiguration` 

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public unsigned int `[`IPAddress`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration_1a13c52f9ed05eec2fa5c65688aa2f260f) | 
`public unsigned int `[`Subnet`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration_1ab565f6e7120da53be050565b911e6195) | 
`public unsigned short `[`CommandPortNumber`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration_1a3e3990061d9cb183ccc45b02bc3d1336) | 
`public unsigned short `[`DiscoverPortNumber`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration_1aa51a3c22724df3a3390f53324088e910) | 
`public unsigned short `[`RobotPortNumber`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration_1af15b940180d5e0d15de3e08b437da927) | 

## Members

#### `public unsigned int `[`IPAddress`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration_1a13c52f9ed05eec2fa5c65688aa2f260f) 

#### `public unsigned int `[`Subnet`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration_1ab565f6e7120da53be050565b911e6195) 

#### `public unsigned short `[`CommandPortNumber`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration_1a3e3990061d9cb183ccc45b02bc3d1336) 

#### `public unsigned short `[`DiscoverPortNumber`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration_1aa51a3c22724df3a3390f53324088e910) 

#### `public unsigned short `[`RobotPortNumber`](#structSdkEthernetConfiguration_1af15b940180d5e0d15de3e08b437da927) 

# struct `SensorsInfo` 

This data structure holds the values of the robot's sensors.

If the robot is a Jaco, the 3 finger values will be filled but if the robot is a Mico, the finger 3 will not be filled.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public float `[`Voltage`](#structSensorsInfo_1a9ced23ff499026d028b2179945091775) | This is the main power supply voltage. (24 V) Unit is V.
`public float `[`Current`](#structSensorsInfo_1a2be7e431dce5a2093e6f61a7333b574c) | This is the main power supply's current. Unit is A.
`public float `[`AccelerationX`](#structSensorsInfo_1a3d4a04448cbb350ce537758ec9c38e51) | This is the value read by the acceleration sensor on the X axis. Unit is G.
`public float `[`AccelerationY`](#structSensorsInfo_1af8316a86022a11ef16181d5cbc6e266e) | This is the value read by the acceleration sensor on the Y axis. Unit is G.
`public float `[`AccelerationZ`](#structSensorsInfo_1a98074de49d42dbb1b303e5e68e03cc90) | This is the value read by the acceleration sensor on the Z axis. Unit is G.
`public float `[`ActuatorTemp1`](#structSensorsInfo_1a9aa0da9e61455fd8b3faa91ad5970985) | This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 1. Unit is C.
`public float `[`ActuatorTemp2`](#structSensorsInfo_1abf182850e94b2bab72a282eb2a76be75) | This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 2. Unit is C.
`public float `[`ActuatorTemp3`](#structSensorsInfo_1aae8cdcf3e2412f99ec5cdc5a13db1528) | This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 3. Unit is C.
`public float `[`ActuatorTemp4`](#structSensorsInfo_1a69bb9fe27b7e18a1c09da9135a13c324) | This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 4. Unit is C.
`public float `[`ActuatorTemp5`](#structSensorsInfo_1a03c089c08df66cc62b0aa768557e2128) | This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 5. Unit is C.
`public float `[`ActuatorTemp6`](#structSensorsInfo_1aa22bb78967dc3b480280c422613f8382) | This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 6. Unit is C.
`public float `[`ActuatorTemp7`](#structSensorsInfo_1a4919e5d333a4207f38d86e9b061099d3) | This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 7. Unit is C.
`public float `[`FingerTemp1`](#structSensorsInfo_1a752833e7fba2c791ecf2693b96cff3d0) | This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the finger 1. Unit is C.
`public float `[`FingerTemp2`](#structSensorsInfo_1a97f570d85f99948f785551712da25145) | This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the finger 2. Unit is C.
`public float `[`FingerTemp3`](#structSensorsInfo_1ad18fa2c352189db0a8aff1d38c1c7b52) | This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the finger 3. Unit is C.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structSensorsInfo_1a321b3a120733f8a2a317422cfe8e4869)`()` | This method will initialises all the values to 0

## Members

#### `public float `[`Voltage`](#structSensorsInfo_1a9ced23ff499026d028b2179945091775) 

This is the main power supply voltage. (24 V) Unit is V.

#### `public float `[`Current`](#structSensorsInfo_1a2be7e431dce5a2093e6f61a7333b574c) 

This is the main power supply's current. Unit is A.

#### `public float `[`AccelerationX`](#structSensorsInfo_1a3d4a04448cbb350ce537758ec9c38e51) 

This is the value read by the acceleration sensor on the X axis. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`AccelerationY`](#structSensorsInfo_1af8316a86022a11ef16181d5cbc6e266e) 

This is the value read by the acceleration sensor on the Y axis. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`AccelerationZ`](#structSensorsInfo_1a98074de49d42dbb1b303e5e68e03cc90) 

This is the value read by the acceleration sensor on the Z axis. Unit is G.

#### `public float `[`ActuatorTemp1`](#structSensorsInfo_1a9aa0da9e61455fd8b3faa91ad5970985) 

This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 1. Unit is C.

#### `public float `[`ActuatorTemp2`](#structSensorsInfo_1abf182850e94b2bab72a282eb2a76be75) 

This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 2. Unit is C.

#### `public float `[`ActuatorTemp3`](#structSensorsInfo_1aae8cdcf3e2412f99ec5cdc5a13db1528) 

This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 3. Unit is C.

#### `public float `[`ActuatorTemp4`](#structSensorsInfo_1a69bb9fe27b7e18a1c09da9135a13c324) 

This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 4. Unit is C.

#### `public float `[`ActuatorTemp5`](#structSensorsInfo_1a03c089c08df66cc62b0aa768557e2128) 

This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 5. Unit is C.

#### `public float `[`ActuatorTemp6`](#structSensorsInfo_1aa22bb78967dc3b480280c422613f8382) 

This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 6. Unit is C.

#### `public float `[`ActuatorTemp7`](#structSensorsInfo_1a4919e5d333a4207f38d86e9b061099d3) 

This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the actuator 7. Unit is C.

#### `public float `[`FingerTemp1`](#structSensorsInfo_1a752833e7fba2c791ecf2693b96cff3d0) 

This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the finger 1. Unit is C.

#### `public float `[`FingerTemp2`](#structSensorsInfo_1a97f570d85f99948f785551712da25145) 

This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the finger 2. Unit is C.

#### `public float `[`FingerTemp3`](#structSensorsInfo_1ad18fa2c352189db0a8aff1d38c1c7b52) 

This is the value read by the temperature sensor on the finger 3. Unit is C.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structSensorsInfo_1a321b3a120733f8a2a317422cfe8e4869)`()` 

This method will initialises all the values to 0

# struct `SingularityVector` 

This data structure represents the informations regarding the singularities surrounding the end effector. It is not used for now but will be in the future.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public int `[`TranslationSingularityCount`](#structSingularityVector_1ac65570b58281f94cea000ede75de19ae) | 
`public int `[`OrientationSingularityCount`](#structSingularityVector_1a7ea72e4a459d41c935135c581e6763b1) | 
`public float `[`TranslationSingularityDistance`](#structSingularityVector_1affe09808366cb7e82427a978cbb1af6a) | 
`public float `[`OrientationSingularityDistance`](#structSingularityVector_1ae04b0dd5f44b2d696d36860ecb7b9f35) | 
`public `[`CartesianInfo`](#structCartesianInfo)` `[`RepulsionVector`](#structSingularityVector_1adc7115ff6fe262ef37a1bff2ebbdbfee) | 

## Members

#### `public int `[`TranslationSingularityCount`](#structSingularityVector_1ac65570b58281f94cea000ede75de19ae) 

#### `public int `[`OrientationSingularityCount`](#structSingularityVector_1a7ea72e4a459d41c935135c581e6763b1) 

#### `public float `[`TranslationSingularityDistance`](#structSingularityVector_1affe09808366cb7e82427a978cbb1af6a) 

#### `public float `[`OrientationSingularityDistance`](#structSingularityVector_1ae04b0dd5f44b2d696d36860ecb7b9f35) 

#### `public `[`CartesianInfo`](#structCartesianInfo)` `[`RepulsionVector`](#structSingularityVector_1adc7115ff6fe262ef37a1bff2ebbdbfee) 

# struct `StickEvents` 

This is an event from a controller's stick. Each variable of the struct can be mapped with a ControlFunctionalityTypeEnum.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public unsigned char `[`Minus`](#structStickEvents_1a73b68205dc2b526373df337d6a4ad532) | This represents the negative value of the event. As an example, if you incline the stick to the left it will trigger that event.
`public unsigned char `[`Plus`](#structStickEvents_1ae59f407e1c54c77b4d444fa9c27d5211) | This represents the positive value of the event. As an example, if you incline the stick to the right it will trigger that event.

## Members

#### `public unsigned char `[`Minus`](#structStickEvents_1a73b68205dc2b526373df337d6a4ad532) 

This represents the negative value of the event. As an example, if you incline the stick to the left it will trigger that event.

#### `public unsigned char `[`Plus`](#structStickEvents_1ae59f407e1c54c77b4d444fa9c27d5211) 

This represents the positive value of the event. As an example, if you incline the stick to the right it will trigger that event.

# struct `SystemError` 

This represents a system error. Every error generated by the system is logged in the robot's flash memory.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public unsigned int `[`ErrorHeader`](#structSystemError_1ab854e1de73db72c8e2fe47a91d58037d) | Error's header. Not used for now.
`public `[`errorLoggerType`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1a45d0343c3d465533f72cb2db67fc0b8a)` `[`ErrorType`](#structSystemError_1a8afdc5f30a9b376b95191c057e37cb7c) | The error's type.
`public int `[`FirmwareVersion`](#structSystemError_1ab58ef88af94b436bbfa4513df71d9f9c) | The firmware's code version.
`public int `[`KeosVersion`](#structSystemError_1a9e8bbb5be1819da3921241691ba46e23) | The Keos's code version. Keos is a software layer that contains low level stuff.
`public unsigned int `[`SystemTime`](#structSystemError_1ab6d34bb68ac78bc05dce7803cbb2b5dd) | Not used for now.
`public bool `[`LayerErrorStatus`](#structSystemError_1a3e8c91938eb3e65d965d3895b55268b3) | Internal use only.
`public int `[`LifeTime`](#structSystemError_1ac651a1bd937f272e75a9280d0ea3218d) | Internal use only.
`public int `[`DataCount`](#structSystemError_1a4dee5912321faa5febee95c54ab15861) | internal use only.
`public unsigned int `[`Data`](#structSystemError_1aa52f426b11ff538332ae93e856e987bf) | internal use only.

## Members

#### `public unsigned int `[`ErrorHeader`](#structSystemError_1ab854e1de73db72c8e2fe47a91d58037d) 

Error's header. Not used for now.

#### `public `[`errorLoggerType`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1a45d0343c3d465533f72cb2db67fc0b8a)` `[`ErrorType`](#structSystemError_1a8afdc5f30a9b376b95191c057e37cb7c) 

The error's type.

#### `public int `[`FirmwareVersion`](#structSystemError_1ab58ef88af94b436bbfa4513df71d9f9c) 

The firmware's code version.

#### `public int `[`KeosVersion`](#structSystemError_1a9e8bbb5be1819da3921241691ba46e23) 

The Keos's code version. Keos is a software layer that contains low level stuff.

#### `public unsigned int `[`SystemTime`](#structSystemError_1ab6d34bb68ac78bc05dce7803cbb2b5dd) 

Not used for now.

#### `public bool `[`LayerErrorStatus`](#structSystemError_1a3e8c91938eb3e65d965d3895b55268b3) 

Internal use only.

#### `public int `[`LifeTime`](#structSystemError_1ac651a1bd937f272e75a9280d0ea3218d) 

Internal use only.

#### `public int `[`DataCount`](#structSystemError_1a4dee5912321faa5febee95c54ab15861) 

internal use only.

#### `public unsigned int `[`Data`](#structSystemError_1aa52f426b11ff538332ae93e856e987bf) 

internal use only.

# struct `SystemStatus` 

This structure holds system status flags.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public unsigned int `[`JoystickActive`](#structSystemStatus_1afff6d14c02523d89ba0fdc22c8a8825f) | That tells if the joystick is active. (0 = active - 1 = not active)
`public unsigned int `[`RetractStatus`](#structSystemStatus_1abae94c0687a083017956476f140ad34d) | That tells if the joystick is active. (0 = active - 1 = not active)
`public unsigned int `[`DrinkingMode`](#structSystemStatus_1a2b07e0f791db9e94312adc4f8df5f2a0) | That tells if the drinking mode is active. (0 = active - 1 = not active)
`public unsigned int `[`ArmLaterality`](#structSystemStatus_1a9c587e996336850e8b89b66194fa575d) | That tells if the robotical arm is right handed or left handed. (0 = RIGHTHANDED - 1 = LEFTHANDED)
`public unsigned int `[`TranslationActive`](#structSystemStatus_1a426a7b594f1aa2672e01c37c93515b1c) | A flag that indicates if the translation mode is currently active.(Based on the actual mapping).
`public unsigned int `[`RotationActive`](#structSystemStatus_1a4f743187089a28cd66438e804c3dc8cb) | A flag that indicates if the orientation mode is currently active.(Based on the actual mapping).
`public unsigned int `[`FingersActive`](#structSystemStatus_1ac7a9d66164763c99d7164419724cc71b) | A flag that indicates if the translation mode is currently active.(Based on the actual mapping).
`public unsigned int `[`WarningOverchargeForce`](#structSystemStatus_1a87405334f1d98467521181af5b58485c) | A warning flag that indicates a general overcharge on the robotical arm.
`public unsigned int `[`WarningOverchargeFingers`](#structSystemStatus_1a055bea9394191a3e0fcaf740b78d651c) | A warning flag that indicates an overcharge on the fingers of the robotical arm.
`public unsigned int `[`WarningLowVoltage`](#structSystemStatus_1a690324ff7d7b755fdaf01efda3adf044) | A warning flag that indicates a low voltage on the robotical arm.
`public unsigned int `[`MajorErrorOccured`](#structSystemStatus_1a6c7ed26ae5b10f514f9f10adb5cb2839) | A flag that indicates that a major error has occured.

## Members

#### `public unsigned int `[`JoystickActive`](#structSystemStatus_1afff6d14c02523d89ba0fdc22c8a8825f) 

That tells if the joystick is active. (0 = active - 1 = not active)

#### `public unsigned int `[`RetractStatus`](#structSystemStatus_1abae94c0687a083017956476f140ad34d) 

That tells if the joystick is active. (0 = active - 1 = not active)

#### `public unsigned int `[`DrinkingMode`](#structSystemStatus_1a2b07e0f791db9e94312adc4f8df5f2a0) 

That tells if the drinking mode is active. (0 = active - 1 = not active)

#### `public unsigned int `[`ArmLaterality`](#structSystemStatus_1a9c587e996336850e8b89b66194fa575d) 

That tells if the robotical arm is right handed or left handed. (0 = RIGHTHANDED - 1 = LEFTHANDED)

#### `public unsigned int `[`TranslationActive`](#structSystemStatus_1a426a7b594f1aa2672e01c37c93515b1c) 

A flag that indicates if the translation mode is currently active.(Based on the actual mapping).

#### `public unsigned int `[`RotationActive`](#structSystemStatus_1a4f743187089a28cd66438e804c3dc8cb) 

A flag that indicates if the orientation mode is currently active.(Based on the actual mapping).

#### `public unsigned int `[`FingersActive`](#structSystemStatus_1ac7a9d66164763c99d7164419724cc71b) 

A flag that indicates if the translation mode is currently active.(Based on the actual mapping).

#### `public unsigned int `[`WarningOverchargeForce`](#structSystemStatus_1a87405334f1d98467521181af5b58485c) 

A warning flag that indicates a general overcharge on the robotical arm.

#### `public unsigned int `[`WarningOverchargeFingers`](#structSystemStatus_1a055bea9394191a3e0fcaf740b78d651c) 

A warning flag that indicates an overcharge on the fingers of the robotical arm.

#### `public unsigned int `[`WarningLowVoltage`](#structSystemStatus_1a690324ff7d7b755fdaf01efda3adf044) 

A warning flag that indicates a low voltage on the robotical arm.

#### `public unsigned int `[`MajorErrorOccured`](#structSystemStatus_1a6c7ed26ae5b10f514f9f10adb5cb2839) 

A flag that indicates that a major error has occured.

# struct `TrajectoryFIFO` 

This data structure represents the informations regarding the robot's trajectory's FIFO.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public unsigned int `[`TrajectoryCount`](#structTrajectoryFIFO_1a8d2d82f71459128dd803eb7c9e09c2c6) | This tells you how many trajectory point are still stored in the robot.
`public float `[`UsedPercentage`](#structTrajectoryFIFO_1aa522f62f9f815f31be1d03c0b89653f5) | This is the usage of the trajectory FIFO.
`public unsigned int `[`MaxSize`](#structTrajectoryFIFO_1ab57ade5bd66a71bfede38fb4d300d1d7) | This is the size of the trajectory FIFO.

## Members

#### `public unsigned int `[`TrajectoryCount`](#structTrajectoryFIFO_1a8d2d82f71459128dd803eb7c9e09c2c6) 

This tells you how many trajectory point are still stored in the robot.

#### `public float `[`UsedPercentage`](#structTrajectoryFIFO_1aa522f62f9f815f31be1d03c0b89653f5) 

This is the usage of the trajectory FIFO.

#### `public unsigned int `[`MaxSize`](#structTrajectoryFIFO_1ab57ade5bd66a71bfede38fb4d300d1d7) 

This is the size of the trajectory FIFO.

# struct `TrajectoryPoint` 

This data structure represents a point of a trajectory. It contains the position a limitation that you can applied.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`Position`](#structTrajectoryPoint_1aa24430dc273e9d7968a6c44e3bcee259) | Position information that described this trajectory point.
`public int `[`LimitationsActive`](#structTrajectoryPoint_1acec47b76503d6f202e78bd00ec8fa02d) | A flag that indicates if the limitation are active or not (1 is active 0 is not).
`public int `[`SynchroType`](#structTrajectoryPoint_1a062ec1003cc56c9a0af4d2af7a02c04c) | A flag that indicates if the tracjetory's synchronization is active. (1 is active 0 is not). ONLY AVAILABLE IN ANGULAR CONTROL.
`public `[`Limitation`](#structLimitation)` `[`Limitations`](#structTrajectoryPoint_1ad6d7f13b1dee1ef3a5300ffffd77cac8) | [Limitation](#structLimitation) applied to this point if the limitation flag is active.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structTrajectoryPoint_1a1a9f12ad88f5011c6a4644792fa67f99)`()` | 

## Members

#### `public `[`UserPosition`](#structUserPosition)` `[`Position`](#structTrajectoryPoint_1aa24430dc273e9d7968a6c44e3bcee259) 

Position information that described this trajectory point.

#### `public int `[`LimitationsActive`](#structTrajectoryPoint_1acec47b76503d6f202e78bd00ec8fa02d) 

A flag that indicates if the limitation are active or not (1 is active 0 is not).

#### `public int `[`SynchroType`](#structTrajectoryPoint_1a062ec1003cc56c9a0af4d2af7a02c04c) 

A flag that indicates if the tracjetory's synchronization is active. (1 is active 0 is not). ONLY AVAILABLE IN ANGULAR CONTROL.

#### `public `[`Limitation`](#structLimitation)` `[`Limitations`](#structTrajectoryPoint_1ad6d7f13b1dee1ef3a5300ffffd77cac8) 

[Limitation](#structLimitation) applied to this point if the limitation flag is active.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structTrajectoryPoint_1a1a9f12ad88f5011c6a4644792fa67f99)`()` 

# struct `UserPosition` 

This data structure represents an abstract position built by a user. Depending on the control type the Cartesian information, the angular information or both will be used.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public `[`POSITION_TYPE`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1a0a1c22d235ef1b13cfcd1419d10babc9)` `[`Type`](#structUserPosition_1a93c748d4ee51239fcbcd487d88e52ffa) | The type of this position.
`public float `[`Delay`](#structUserPosition_1aa18896c1238a50c8ad81c66dfd76ac5e) | This is used only if the type of position is TIME_DELAY. It represents the delay in second.
`public `[`CartesianInfo`](#structCartesianInfo)` `[`CartesianPosition`](#structUserPosition_1ab363c40971853637f728978e604c438f) | Cartesian information about this position.
`public `[`AngularInfo`](#structAngularInfo)` `[`Actuators`](#structUserPosition_1ab0c5b71622c1e0d3033572578e947cf3) | Angular information about this position.
`public `[`HAND_MODE`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1ad7050e4cfb6e844e9be962fba8eeb817)` `[`HandMode`](#structUserPosition_1a83779902810d0e5e16d533e0f964c0df) | Mode of the gripper.
`public `[`FingersPosition`](#structFingersPosition)` `[`Fingers`](#structUserPosition_1a727907bb6a98b0f3d10aaa8011b67927) | fingers information about this position.
`public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structUserPosition_1ad682f9be07fa2307028f86624ded2958)`()` | 

## Members

#### `public `[`POSITION_TYPE`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1a0a1c22d235ef1b13cfcd1419d10babc9)` `[`Type`](#structUserPosition_1a93c748d4ee51239fcbcd487d88e52ffa) 

The type of this position.

#### `public float `[`Delay`](#structUserPosition_1aa18896c1238a50c8ad81c66dfd76ac5e) 

This is used only if the type of position is TIME_DELAY. It represents the delay in second.

#### `public `[`CartesianInfo`](#structCartesianInfo)` `[`CartesianPosition`](#structUserPosition_1ab363c40971853637f728978e604c438f) 

Cartesian information about this position.

#### `public `[`AngularInfo`](#structAngularInfo)` `[`Actuators`](#structUserPosition_1ab0c5b71622c1e0d3033572578e947cf3) 

Angular information about this position.

#### `public `[`HAND_MODE`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1ad7050e4cfb6e844e9be962fba8eeb817)` `[`HandMode`](#structUserPosition_1a83779902810d0e5e16d533e0f964c0df) 

Mode of the gripper.

#### `public `[`FingersPosition`](#structFingersPosition)` `[`Fingers`](#structUserPosition_1a727907bb6a98b0f3d10aaa8011b67927) 

fingers information about this position.

#### `public inline void `[`InitStruct`](#structUserPosition_1ad682f9be07fa2307028f86624ded2958)`()` 

# struct `Zone` 

that represents a protection zone.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public int `[`ID`](#structZone_1ac2ca5be0d2934da5fc05d06c67caf8f0) | ID of the zone.
`public int `[`Expansion1`](#structZone_1a8610fae6322b4d087aa0651eea3e4154) | Not used for now.
`public `[`ZoneShape`](#structZoneShape)` `[`zoneShape`](#structZone_1a918e45dc4df9996faeadd1366130f757) | Geometric shape of the protection zone.
`public `[`ZoneLimitation`](#structZoneLimitation)` `[`zoneLimitation`](#structZone_1ad5be3a05006633e4e2a7b2fdfdead52c) | [Limitation](#structLimitation) to apply inside the protection zone. As an example, if you want the zone to be am unaccessible zone, you need to limit the velocity to 0.
`public int `[`Expansion2`](#structZone_1a762759f8b82fbbfb1dbe3a1d278558f0) | Not used for now.

## Members

#### `public int `[`ID`](#structZone_1ac2ca5be0d2934da5fc05d06c67caf8f0) 

ID of the zone.

#### `public int `[`Expansion1`](#structZone_1a8610fae6322b4d087aa0651eea3e4154) 

Not used for now.

#### `public `[`ZoneShape`](#structZoneShape)` `[`zoneShape`](#structZone_1a918e45dc4df9996faeadd1366130f757) 

Geometric shape of the protection zone.

#### `public `[`ZoneLimitation`](#structZoneLimitation)` `[`zoneLimitation`](#structZone_1ad5be3a05006633e4e2a7b2fdfdead52c) 

[Limitation](#structLimitation) to apply inside the protection zone. As an example, if you want the zone to be am unaccessible zone, you need to limit the velocity to 0.

#### `public int `[`Expansion2`](#structZone_1a762759f8b82fbbfb1dbe3a1d278558f0) 

Not used for now.

# struct `ZoneLimitation` 

This represents a group of limitations that can be applied to a trajectory point.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public float `[`speedParameter1`](#structZoneLimitation_1ad950b4fb26e50ef944208963fac5ed6a) | The first speed parameter. Used in angular control, it is the velocity of the actuator 1, 2 and 3 and if used in cartesian control, it is the translation velocity.
`public float `[`speedParameter2`](#structZoneLimitation_1a16a15e3160b4447b38b7c9d40ef88305) | The second speed parameter. Used in angular control, it is the velocity of the actuator 4, 5 and 6 and if used in cartesian control, it is the orientation velocity.
`public float `[`speedParameter3`](#structZoneLimitation_1a6db5f0c7f4a59fae6871ec518a7dc9c2) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`forceParameter1`](#structZoneLimitation_1aba463cd66d41b3ada5a702a9e1179ee4) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`forceParameter2`](#structZoneLimitation_1aecd1956a2eae32a16b7e0c28e6191e1b) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`forceParameter3`](#structZoneLimitation_1a00785b40bfee162c2c86692c5882c9d6) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`accelerationParameter1`](#structZoneLimitation_1af1fd03a90f7a3abd910a734ea35484c0) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`accelerationParameter2`](#structZoneLimitation_1a46267cc0a41cb1fdc2df08b87a10fc4b) | Not used for now.
`public float `[`accelerationParameter3`](#structZoneLimitation_1acd79cd4be6eec8b839f58c65b32a63d3) | Not used for now.

## Members

#### `public float `[`speedParameter1`](#structZoneLimitation_1ad950b4fb26e50ef944208963fac5ed6a) 

The first speed parameter. Used in angular control, it is the velocity of the actuator 1, 2 and 3 and if used in cartesian control, it is the translation velocity.

#### `public float `[`speedParameter2`](#structZoneLimitation_1a16a15e3160b4447b38b7c9d40ef88305) 

The second speed parameter. Used in angular control, it is the velocity of the actuator 4, 5 and 6 and if used in cartesian control, it is the orientation velocity.

#### `public float `[`speedParameter3`](#structZoneLimitation_1a6db5f0c7f4a59fae6871ec518a7dc9c2) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`forceParameter1`](#structZoneLimitation_1aba463cd66d41b3ada5a702a9e1179ee4) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`forceParameter2`](#structZoneLimitation_1aecd1956a2eae32a16b7e0c28e6191e1b) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`forceParameter3`](#structZoneLimitation_1a00785b40bfee162c2c86692c5882c9d6) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`accelerationParameter1`](#structZoneLimitation_1af1fd03a90f7a3abd910a734ea35484c0) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`accelerationParameter2`](#structZoneLimitation_1a46267cc0a41cb1fdc2df08b87a10fc4b) 

Not used for now.

#### `public float `[`accelerationParameter3`](#structZoneLimitation_1acd79cd4be6eec8b839f58c65b32a63d3) 

Not used for now.

# struct `ZoneList` 

This structure represents the complete list of protection zone of the robotical arm.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public int `[`NbZones`](#structZoneList_1a57c3da2ad7f954ad2c1171e435260716) | This is the active zone count.
`public int `[`Expansion1`](#structZoneList_1ab9e944f94ed520a133bbb7c3bf08f55d) | Not used for now.
`public `[`Zone`](#structZone)` `[`Zones`](#structZoneList_1aeabee24f26e18a9091b22593597a6132) | This is the list of zone itself.

## Members

#### `public int `[`NbZones`](#structZoneList_1a57c3da2ad7f954ad2c1171e435260716) 

This is the active zone count.

#### `public int `[`Expansion1`](#structZoneList_1ab9e944f94ed520a133bbb7c3bf08f55d) 

Not used for now.

#### `public `[`Zone`](#structZone)` `[`Zones`](#structZoneList_1aeabee24f26e18a9091b22593597a6132) 

This is the list of zone itself.

# struct `ZoneShape` 

Represents the 3D shape of a protection zone.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public `[`ShapeType`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1a5a4538eeab397888d88a4eefcc5a1345)` `[`shapeType`](#structZoneShape_1aeeded22d6312c356295b896f5e42805a) | This is the geometric type of shape.
`public int `[`Expansion1`](#structZoneShape_1a832ceb07cfc73a4cddb499228892b13d) | Not used for now.
`public `[`CartesianInfo`](#structCartesianInfo)` `[`Points`](#structZoneShape_1a49c0935a78506729b3f7143771ddc345) | The points that describe the shape.

## Members

#### `public `[`ShapeType`](#KinovaTypes_8h_1a5a4538eeab397888d88a4eefcc5a1345)` `[`shapeType`](#structZoneShape_1aeeded22d6312c356295b896f5e42805a) 

This is the geometric type of shape.

#### `public int `[`Expansion1`](#structZoneShape_1a832ceb07cfc73a4cddb499228892b13d) 

Not used for now.

#### `public `[`CartesianInfo`](#structCartesianInfo)` `[`Points`](#structZoneShape_1a49c0935a78506729b3f7143771ddc345) 

The points that describe the shape.

Generated by [Moxygen](https://sourcey.com/moxygen)